2025年11月3日 上午 11:34|40分钟 56秒

关键词:
good time、same thing、good prompt、same time、more things、good one、same way、Good night、good information、more time、other things、exact good、good articles、good examples、good response、good experience、good money、same numbers

文字记录:
说话人 1 00:00 
Go ahead. Okay. Okay. So the hi, legitimate. Thanks again for, you know, for agreeing to participate and taking the time. You know, I know it's like late night for you, is it? Anyway, so yeah, so, you know, this interview is kind of sectioned into, I think, about five to six different sections. Yeah, we will start with the easiest, which is you can briefly tell, share about yourself, your educational background, as well as your professional background. If you're working, you know, what do you work as and so on. We'll start with that.

说话人 2 00:43 
Okay, do I go ahead. Okay. My name is Letty Seller Midis. I have a 45 years old. I am 45 years old. I study chemical engineer as my bachelor degree. Then I work in different industries. I work for profit. Then I went back to school and I did a BAC as same Science, Engineering, PhD. And then at here in Mexico and then I work some two years as a researcher for food. Then I went the I did my own business. I did, I make some escape rooms at my hometown and I was so happy with that. But at some point, it wasn't that reliable, that good money. So I came back. I went to study again at the uni. I know, sorry. I went to give lessons at the university as a teacher for two years. Is it just by our, they were paying me. I didn't have like a complete full job there. And then I start the job where I am doing right now. I have two years working already at this sales man a year for a region. We sells chemicals for the chemical industry.

说话人 1 02:24 
So currently you're in sales. Which part of education did you do in Singapore? Leticia, were you in NT you at any point in time?

说话人 2 02:33 
I went to Singapore, but I went for the masters swimming EV event. So yeah, use when for the open water swimming event, I swam 3 km with Masters and it was a good experience.

说话人 1 02:51 
Listing that. Okay, okay. Just I mean, because so far I've been talking to, you know, s s students or X and t students. So I just assume that you would be one of them. Any, so that's fine. So you're now in sales, working in sales now. And your background is in engineering, so I presume you qualify as a stem person, stem with stem background. Okay. If you compare yourself with your peer group, no. Would you consider yourself an early adopter of technology?

说话人 2 03:32 
Yes. For my age.

说话人 1 03:36 
For your age? Okay. Yeah, you can stay away. Yeah, I mean, when you look at, yeah, group, you find yourself to be one of the pioneers, is it? Yes. Okay. Okay. The, it's just something that we use as a kind of a moderator variable, you know, like we want to establish this first. Some of the things that you see me have some bearing on that aspect. So you're in a doctor earlier doctor and currently I was going through your pre interview survey. I notice that you indicated yourself as a, excuse, sir, of generative AI as a wet basic user, the user.

说话人 2 04:23 
Basic user, yes.

说话人 1 04:25 
And you mention that you have undertaken some courses in a check. Yes.

说话人 2 04:33 
I did.

说话人 1 04:34 
You wanna talk a little bit about what these courses, how did it help you?

说话人 2 04:40 
Well, it was just one course. Thank you. Was three days. And it was two or three days. And they show you how to prompt, what are the important parts of a prompt to have a good response from.

说话人 2 05:00 
G, ChatGPT. I start using ChatGPT for, and now I'm using 5. Yeah, but that help me. And I also saw how they do like ask for images and ask for, and they give us like some introduction. So to other tools like how to make songs in and I and software I did enjoy it also that kind of things. And I did try also in like in then I sign for another course but I haven't finished is like, is there I think I still have 3,4 months to finish. But they also introduce us to some other ID like consensus or like to do images or videos. So I am experimenting some of that with some of that.

说话人 1 06:09 
Letitia, how frequently do you think you use chat DVD? Chat DVD is your most used gen AI tool, right?

说话人 2 06:16 
Yes, that's right. Do.

说话人 1 06:18 
You use any.

说话人 2 06:18 
Other? Well, actually now I'm starting to use Co pilot about to post this kind of this very similar. Yeah, because for the job they allow us to use that one. I like.

说话人 1 06:32 
And it's true. So I assume then for all the subsequent questions, you can base it on check GPT, which your, which is your most frequently used. Yeah, it's like a professional setting. And you want to give an example, you can choose to go to co pilot. It doesn't matter. Okay. So roughly I.

说话人 2 06:52 
Can like I, I can talk, sorry, I can talk if it's ChatGPT, even if it's compiled or at some point or yeah, that's.

说话人 1 07:01 
Fine. Yeah, you can just alert though I'm talking about traffic PT or covalent, but as long as you kind of identify which one and that's fine. Yeah, you know, your usage would you say what percentage of the time are you use it, using it for personal purposes versus professional? Just.

说话人 2 07:25 
I would say half and.

说话人 1 07:26 
Half. Half and half, 50%. Okay. The subsequent questions, we're going to go into the heart of the interview, which is about how do you use it. Yeah, the pattern of use. So, okay, these questions, you can base it on your frequently used scenario, a professional scenario. But if you have good examples from your personal use, feel free. Okay, so the first one is about your getting started Wechat GPT. Okay, my question is what we get from to do to gets get chat GBT, you subscribe to a paid version, right? Chat GBT file GB five, right?

说话人 2 08:08 
Yes. So, and.

说话人 1 08:13 
For using, what motivated you to get a paid copy of Chat Liberty?

说话人 2 08:22 
I was wondering if he could help me to reduce my, some of my work to make it easier. And I notice it could help me enough to we worth it. Like I said, like if it help me reduce 3 hours of work per month, it will be already worth it to pay. Yes. And, but it will be more than two hours per month. So that was my reasoning about it is. And I understand at some point, we will be, we will adapt at the point that hours that we're saving right now, what we're doing, it will disappear because we will trouble the things to do instead of that. But yeah, I was just trying to make more efficient my work. That was it. My motivation, my first motivation.

说话人 1 09:25 
Yeah, the efficiency, promise of efficiency. Yeah, yeah, I think that's good enough. But okay, so, you know, can you give me an example of a particular task for which you will get Gen get help from ChatGPT? You can give me a.

说话人 2 09:46 
Label. Every month I have to make sales report. Okay? And one part of it is really general and it is not. Involve my information so I could share it with ChatGPT what I need and it will let me, we will help me. I analyze, I'm in charge some of Central America pick up countries and they, and in a region country in Latin America. So that's our life. Five emo, five or six most important countries that I need to report what is happening with them in their emy in the last month. No, I was doing it by myself without any help at the beginning was just the computer, the Google tools, and I was using Google to explain exactly what kind of data do I want with the filters of Google? But it took me plan like 3 more time of what I am and spending now for the same activity. Yeah, I give a good prompt to chat DPT. I need it helps me to analyze what happen in the economy of that country, of that every month. So that's one example. Okay. Okay.

说话人 1 11:14 
So let me show you something about your initial chat prompt, right? The first prompt to prepare for tragedy. So, you know, regarding initial prompt that you type in, how detailed is it usually? Are you in the habit of providing all the information with why? Or do you normally divide it into smaller parts, partition? What's your strategy?

说话人 2 11:43 
I, yeah, I've been refining my prompt for that, for example, and I divided by boundary. I don't ask to do all of it together. I'd I it make it a good one for one country and then I just say do the same thing, but now for this country. And then it does the same thing that that's how I do it.

说话人 1 12:12 
Okay, but I.

说话人 2 12:12 
Usually try to make a good one since this the starting point.

说话人 1 12:19 
So the initial prompt is detail enough, but then you will divide it by country so that you can replicate it. You get a good response. And then, yeah, you decide that you can reuse promise. Are you a habit of keeping these prompts in a file? You keep like a file of these prompts so you can reuse.

说话人 2 12:37 
And then, yeah, well, they're in the same ChatGPT.

说话人 1 12:41 
So it's there, it's available.

说话人 2 12:44 
I don't have it in like in a word or okay, another part place. So I recycle what I use last month and last month it but it happens me once that it it I it was enough requests in the same page. So I had to start again a new one. Yes, but I use one that indeed work before and I place it at the beginning of a new one.

说话人 1 13:13 
Okay. I think I get an idea of how you get started. So while using this, you know, like you're starting to use it, do you find ChatGPT to be very good at certain types of jobs, certain task? What will that be? What are the things that you notice that it's very good at?

说话人 2 13:34 
Yeah, but like that, but like in this, he has been really good at it. Give it, find me the good articles and it gave me the exact good. No, I can go and check if them if the source. Yeah, then it you it says what it says that it said, because I used to do it almost all the time. I do change it more, a lot of it to be sure that what I'm saying is right. So I go to the source and I read it and it and I like it is telling me what I need. Let so for this kind of request is helping me and is doing it right. Yeah, there are other things that I have notice that this doesn't work well.

说话人 1 14:28 
What are the those things that you notice it doesn't do so well?

说话人 2 14:34 
I when I was requiring x import numbers for the products in the bring countries, it could give me another number that it wasn't the one that I needed. And I told me like, if he's really sure about it, I kind of like not I yeah, yeah, some requests like that. I. Is I cannot trust. Yes, when he was gonna give me. But other good example of things that are working well is when, but this is not professional, this is personal. Am I talk about it or not?

说话人 1 15:17 
Okay. Okay.

说话人 2 15:18 
See, my daughter was in high school and she asked me to help with some problems, math problems. And I kind of know, but I didn't remember exactly how it was donor. How are we supposed to think about it? So I gave ChatGPT the task to explain it to me, detail it, the saying, and it did work really well.

说话人 1 15:47 
Oh, it was good. Okay. Okay. So there are some strengths and there are some weaknesses that you've notice. Are you, you know, for example, let's say you're using it for your one of your professional purposes. Have you tried assigning certain roles, you know, to chat GBD saying you take over the role of a, of a of sales manager or, you know, or the customer and then evaluate or do this for me. Have you tried that?

说话人 2 16:19 
Yeah, I haven't do it that way because I'm not. That's supposed to share some data. Yeah, so I'm limited in some way with the tool. They, they, we like the company, they have some license for using the Co pilot, but we don't have it all. So we use a 365 version supposed to be secure because it has like a green thing at the top, green Mark reject. But anyway, we're supposed not to share all like good information. They're afraid of there will be a leakage at some way. Yes. So I haven't being able to use it that.

说话人 1 17:07 
Way. Oh, so.

说话人 2 17:11 
So, but I do ask for some examples of how to start looking at some new pros. But in a for a one for a one product that w I wanna sell and it gives me like details steps of what he think I could follow. Yeah, they does not always a good enough.

说话人 1 17:37 
I think I we will return to this verification that you s just mention in a while. But before that, if let's see, you know the kind of task that you're seeking help with the ChatGPT, usually our task that you yourself know, you're familiar with these task that you ask king contributed to help you way. But assuming that you have a very unfamiliar task, something that you're totally not familiar with, and you are initiating, have you ever used chat GBD for such task?

说话人 2 18:11 
I don't think so.

说话人 1 18:12 
And then it's okay. So I guess then we will skip to the next part. So basically, questions would be, you know, if you're unfamiliar, then in what way will the prompt be different? You know, it's because you just told me that you start in initiating you interaction with a very detailed prompt, right? You will provide all the information required because you know about it. That's where able to provide information. But if you really don't know anything, then you can obviously start with a lot of information. So that's where we were going. It's okay. We will go on to the trust partner. Okay, the trust. So the first question is, you know, before you started using ChatGPT, you may have heard about it, like you would have read about it and so on. So at that point, before you started use, what was your trust level, you know, some rough percentage and how did this trust change after you started using?

说话人 2 19:13 
I'm not sure, but I have, I have, I was disappointed at the beginning. Okay. I think it went low at the beginning with the first version I used. Because I, I, I try, I tested like with things that I know thing I ask, give me some advice for a backstroke swimmer to improve his style and some of the answer that he said it w didn't have any relation because is it something like breath, move your face to brave and then go back like that's not. Advice broke at all. So there were some that kind of answers. So that it makes me think it wasn't that hard question that I was asking. So it made me think that I need to be very careful with the answers.

说话人 1 20:16 
So, so yeah, so Letitia, what I understand is that the initial stages of use, it actually went down because of this one experience, right? So before you even used it, did you have some perception, some trust level?

说话人 2 20:31 
I think I have a high, a high PERS.

说话人 1 20:34 
High percentation, but.

说话人 2 20:36 
Actually not that high because I saw some TikTok things and some videos where the people trained ChatGPT to say that 2+2 was 3 or something like that. That's right. So yeah, I was like, if you say too many times, they will believe it. So that and I saw that before I start using it. So I, I, I wasn't that I didn't put it in a better way. So since the beginning.

说话人 1 21:07 
No, below 15, you say below 50%.

说话人 2 21:12 
I am. I would say, yeah, I started with 70%.

说话人 1 21:17 
Percent and then he dipped after you had that backs the experience with the, your swimming question, right?

说话人 2 21:25 
Yeah, a little bit.

说话人 1 21:27 
Lower, but.

说话人 2 21:29 
Now I feel confident in some stuffs.

说话人 1 21:32 
Okay. Okay. So what is your translate?

说话人 2 21:36 
I would say 90%.

说话人 1 21:39 
Okay, it's gonna let you. I just wanna probe a little bit because you mention something about check ppt sounding too confident just now they're saying, you know, it will give you rubbish, but it will sound very confident about it. Did you say.

说话人 2 21:56 
That? What I, I. Could you repeat it? I may. And I.

说话人 1 22:00 
It might give you a response. I give you an answer to a question and you know it is wrong, but then it will sound very confident about it. Just now you were talking about the numbers. Yes, yeah, yeah. So when you have that kind of experience, what do you feel? I mean, in terms of your trusting it and so on, how do you respond to that?

说话人 2 22:23 
Okay, I think I need to be very careful.

说话人 1 22:27 
You just drop yourself that to be careful. Okay. Okay. Like.

说话人 2 22:31 
I need to be accept acceptable even that it looks like is straightforward way. See, yeah, I am expert to be acceptable.

说话人 1 22:43 
Okay. Okay. So this reminds you to be all the most skeptical, right? Okay. You know, you know, have you, you know, during your, your use, your interaction with Chat GBT, have you ever experienced Chat GBT asking you for more information, saying, oh, you know, I don't understand or I need more information to answer this question. Have you ever had that chat, GPD asking you to provide more information?

说话人 2 23:19 
No. Well, I have. I've, I feel that it ask me to do other things and give more things to advance. And if I'm not interested, I just don't.

说话人 1 23:29 
Answer it.

说话人 2 23:31 
But in general, I don't feel that it has asked me to give more information.

说话人 1 23:37 
It could be that you pro already provide enough detail, so it doesn't require or maybe it's not program to do it. How about times when chat ability gives you an answer, you know, but tells you that, oh, you know, I'm not quite sure whether this is correct. I guess from your interaction so far, I get the feeling that this has rarely happen, right?

说话人 2 24:03 
That I do feel believe that is not correct. What is telling me, yes.

说话人 1 24:08 
You do feel. But do you think that activity itself realizes that it may not be very sure?

说话人 2 24:20 
Maybe not at the beginning.

说话人 1 24:25 
Maybe now I see.

说话人 2 24:26 
Yes, but at the beginning it was like this. Yes, this is.

说话人 1 24:30 
It very country. And.

说话人 2 24:32 
Yes, now I kind of remember having some answers like maybe, okay.

说话人 1 24:43 
So overtime this is become a slightly better. So when have you had a, have you experienced, I notice you mention one error when you're talking about that product core number. I think they gave you the wrong.

说话人 1 25:00 
1. Other than that, have you had any experience, any contradictions or hallucinations or any such issues? Contradictions is if it gives you one solution, you know, says, okay, this is how you can do it, and then it sort of turns around, takes you turn and gives you something the dramatically opposite. Have we had that? Well, I.

说话人 2 25:23 
I, it happened, me one. I think it was like a chemistry problem or physics problem, something that he gave me an answer. And I was sure that it wasn't like that. So I correct him and I say, no, he's not, because it has. I, you, you, if you consider this, it has to be this. And then he said like, oh, yes, you're right. And then it completely change the answer. Yes, then it's like you're saying, yeah, and then I think it happens me twice in the same conversation. Like if I said something, he would say, yes, you're right. And he change it then is what you're saying. And I like, okay, yeah, telling me what I was that I am saying is right and he's confirming it, but it's not because he has more information for giving me that answer. It was that was like, I don't know, maybe six, like seven months ago. We wasn't recent.

说话人 1 26:29 
So it's when it when you actually challenged some DPT that it actually agreed with you to say, oh, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. But it's not because he himself found out that to be wrong. Yeah, okay. You know, it's this while using ChatGPT, you know, sometimes you may ask for a marketing strategy or a plan or something, and it might give you a few options. Are you in the habit of asking for summarization? You're, do you ask me to give you a summary?

说话人 2 27:03 
Yes, sometimes also it has help me with some like general reports of an interaction with the specific. Yeah, with with, but this is with Co pilot that I use it and I gave some details about a meeting with the client. Okay. And it help me improve my grammar and my sentences. And also I ask for a summary so I can use it at the, like at the top, like executive summary thing.

说话人 1 27:51 
Yeah, yeah, yes. Okay. Will be going into the last two sections now. So the fifth section is on how your use affects your professional skills. Yeah, so we're trying to see how whether. So can you think of any way in which your use of ChatGPT has made any change to the way you work, whatever it maybe. Have you notice any change?

说话人 2 28:19 
Yes, and I am so scare about it. So I start going back to doing myself some stuff.

说话人 1 28:29 
Okay. Okay.

说话人 2 28:31 
Yeah, this is this kind of sales report. I was saying I am I'm doing it in co pilot in the in the same. If we and I gave this information, like I say, okay, I will write it in Spanish. Yeah, because it's easier for me. It's my tongue language, my mom, mother tongue language. So I was doing in Spanish and then I just ask translate and improve this car report. So it helps me to do it faster. It was helping me to do it faster.

说话人 1 29:07 
But.

说话人 2 29:08 
Then after a couple of months, I think that I did it that way. I realize I was feeling scared of writing in English, this kind of things. Yeah, so it, yeah, I wasn't scared about it. Then I start doing it myself again. And like I start I'm doing it in English since the beginning. And then sometimes I just ask for help with the improvement in my grammar, but not the translation part. As a way I would be losing that ability to translate. Yeah, in my mind, yeah, seems from my mind that that that's an example of how I feel it could change. So, and also the other one, the other that I say the about the emy. No mix it just.

说话人 1 30:04 
Safety.

说话人 2 30:04 
And yeah, I gave me time. Yeah, it gives me time to focus in other things that are more valuable. Oh, for me to focus so I can spend more time analyzing what I could do better in a country to have more sales at the end and which, in what, which more information I can found. Yeah, to improve my offers next month. So yeah, I think that's also help. It's a way of changing the way, but.

说话人 1 30:42 
Working. Yeah, so I do, what I hear from what you're saying is that you sort of free up some time to do more value added kind of work, right? Rather than right now. Yeah, so in that sense, it's a good productivity tool. It freezing and yeah. And but at the same time, you also worry sometimes that you may lose valuable skills.

说话人 2 31:05 
Which is, Brian, I am being better and identify what things are not damaging my skills, then I can request help to do it or that. I don't care if I lose that ability. And in this other way, I do care. So I don't want to lose the, so I am really gaining my confident doing it myself.

说话人 1 31:33 
Yeah, let's share with you talking about it. You know, there was a time you were talking about the mistakes that it makes and how you will check. I want to probe a little bit there. Can you explain how exactly you will do this verification?

说话人 2 31:47 
Yeah, see, like I ask for emics of Costa Rica during the month of sub OC, September or October, that is not finishing. So it will tell me what will be them. I ask what is the prediction for the grow country growth during the this year? Things like that. And also, eh, what will be the inflation? What is the inflation and data like that kind of data, interest rates of the country. So it, but I ask to give me sources. So I go to the source, I click on the source, it give me like four or five sources. But if I just find one source that said that's the value for what? Yeah, it's a source that I think is valid as a newspaper. It gonna be emic newspaper, things like that, or the banks of the countries. So I saw it that it says that it's I need and I read that is there is the same numbers. And then okay, I do check it not hundred percent of the things, but I do check a lot of it.

说话人 1 33:12 
Can you see like half of the time? More than half a. Okay. Okay. Now going on addition, now we're kind of coming to the eh start. Do you find yourself relying too much on it sometimes? You worried about that.

说话人 2 33:41 
Maybe? Yeah, I don't think so. Okay. Okay. No, I think my daughter is, but is not about my daughter now.

说话人 1 34:00 
Oh yeah, the young people, LA, it's very easy for them to immerse.

说话人 2 34:05 
Yes.

说话人 1 34:06 
Okay. The last part is on if let's say you could have a wish list for generative AI of the future, what will be on this wish list? What do you wish it.

说话人 2 34:17 
What I have first, the first one that we were developing, why we were talking about. I would prefer chat DP to tell me, I think that it might be this thing. Maybe with the percentage of how sure it he is about it instead of just saying this is it.

说话人 1 34:39 
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I think.

说话人 2 34:42 
That will be really good. Then at that way, I can know, I would learn to know what things I don't need to review because he's hunger percent sure he has enough sources to have that conclusion or yeah, it has enough tools to that. Any other way. Eh, it's, it's he's a guessing and then I can I gonna take it like that. Yeah, that will be one. Yes, like another wish list of things for the future. Yeah, sometimes I don't, I'm not sure I like it to talk like a psychology to my. So, oh.

说话人 1 35:31 
Okay. The way.

说话人 2 35:36 
It sounds.

说话人 1 35:38 
The tone.

说话人 2 35:49 
I don't like being asked at the end if I want to advance with something else without me asking to. Okay, I will prefer to have a button and I can click the bottom if I want more advice to continue growing the ideas and not having all that information just because.

说话人 1 36:09 
Yeah, you don't want us to encountered all these things that you don't need.

说话人 2 36:13 
To do. Do you want me to make a graph and a table in the. I'm from today, but I'm not asking it. So I, I don't like to leave the question also without answering, but I do it that way, but I would prefer not to have to have that feeling. Just if I want to know more ways, continue, then I put give me more info of what I can go ahead and do. No, yeah, yeah.

说话人 1 36:46 
Sometimes, yeah, it's, it is a little old.

说话人 2 36:48 
And the most, yeah, I guess the most important thing will be to be sure that is really contrast. It's I can it's private and it will not be any way that I can lose my info that do have any leakage that I don't want in my personnel and also in the com pretty a standpoint that will be also one of the greatest we.

说话人 1 37:19 
See. So yeah, so you do have concerns about the data privacy and things like that. That day you worry that it may be misused or shared with people that shouldn't have them concern the data.

说话人 2 37:35 
I, I guy, I do believe that because I am paying my subscription, it would not be leak.

说话人 1 37:44 
Yeah, but you're not sure.

说话人 2 37:46 
But if we also think that, yes, we also think that our passwords for the bank would never gonna be leaked at sometimes it but so it it that kind of thing can happen and it would, could be used for some things that we wouldn't like.

说话人 1 38:03 
To the church that you can never be social.

说话人 2 38:06 
Yeah, so I do have that feeling and that question in my mind all the time.

说话人 1 38:12 
Yeah, sure. We already. Okay, let's say, yeah, that's the, that's all the questions I have for you. Anything you want to add based on your experience so far with chat ability? Any interesting stories or anything that you want to say, you can share. Now.

说话人 2 38:31 
Also, one other thing that I am, I'm surprised that it has taken too much time to be able to make the images with words correct when you ask something with words, the words are always wrong. And I don't know the same way to.

说话人 1 38:54 
The spelling. And yeah.

说话人 2 38:55 
Yes, yeah, did change the letter so it doesn't put it. Then it is kind of a pain.

说话人 1 39:03 
Yeah, it's a performance from any actual.

说话人 2 39:07 
Yeah, I haven't use it too much for images lately, but and the last time I use it is like I prefer to not ask for any words in it because it's gonna be, I.

说话人 1 39:19 
Mean, it's wrong. Yeah, I agree. Cuz I've, I myself of experience in that, you know, like I'm sometimes asked him it not because I can't concentrate because I'm just too lazy to draw it out. So I would ask for a conceptual diagram and then they will label it with wrong spelling. And it's such a pain because you basically have to redo the whole thing, you know? So it's shuttle for taking the time and that's all I have for you today. And yeah, we finished within good time. So there, and you indicated that you may be interested in the experimental study, but of course that will be physical and you'll be required on site. So if you're traveling at that. Time you're here, then you know, definitely you can be one of our. Yeah, as well. Okay.

说话人 2 40:06 
There is gonna be hard. It's like making a hole from here to there and it will be exact kind of exactly the same position. I will be like, no, I don't like it. 9,900 km from. So where you are.

说话人 1 40:25 
Yes, in.

说话人 2 40:26 
Is expensive too though. But I did it because I like to do this kind of, yeah, sport, tourist tourism sport at the same time. And it was nice to to to know more about Singapore. I enjoy my time there.

说话人 1 40:44 
Thank you very much. Thank you for your time as well. Good night. Yeah, hopefully you.

说话人 2 40:48 
Have the best for your research.

说话人 1 40:50 
Thank you. Thank you. See you then. Bye bye.

