
受访人34:
0:00 - Thara Ravindran
Yes, same. Okay, you can talk and you're okay, right, for about an hour? Yeah, that's fine.

0:07 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Okay, great.

0:08 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, to get started, I hope you have some idea about what this research aims to do. I'll just give you very briefly the objective of this study. We are trying to gather some information about how young professionals use tools like ChatGPT, Gen AI tools to improve their professional performance. And we want to see the nature of this introduction, as well as the effect of ChatGPT interaction on professional skills and personal skills. For example, we are interested to see how it helps to improve critical thinking ability. So basically, investigative kind of research.

1:06 - Thara Ravindran
And one of the things is that for research purposes, we would like this interaction, our interview to be recorded. So with your permission, I will turn on the recording. Yeah, sure.

1:18 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I already read the document as well, that you shared yesterday.

1:24 - Thara Ravindran
So I'm going to start the recording now okay yeah so basically we have a few sections to the interview I'll start with the first one which is a brief description of you as a person you can start with your professional or study background you know do you do what did you study and so on so I'm originally from Pakistan and the recently completed my PhD from South Korea and then I moved to Singapore in February this year for postdoctoral research.

2:02 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So most of my work is in chemistry to specific computational chemistry. And right now I'm working on I guess the subject of energy storage.

2:16 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
And yeah, that's the main details of my current position and I have done so far.

2:22 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, now you come from a chem background. Have you always done chemistry or did you like branch to chemistry at some point?

2:32 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Sort of, like my bachelor's was in chemical engineering and then chemistry, master's and PhD.

2:40 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, all right. Now if I were to ask you about your or technology adoption pattern, you know? So in terms of how, when you start trying out emerging new technology, would you consider yourself as an early adopter as compared to your peer group?

3:06 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yes, I would actually. A lot of the times, like it is me, like whatever, like in the friend group or so forth, suggesting to use particular tools.

3:16 - Unidentified Speaker
I also tend to look up a lot of latest models or latest technologies being introduced on YouTube or news articles and so forth.

3:27 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So actually, when GPD out, 3 I entire progression of its performance from when it came out and until now, actually. So I would say yes.

3:44 - Thara Ravindran
Did you get prompted by something that your friends mentioned or did you read about it or come across the tool during your search or something? How do you get started? On GPT-3?

3:57 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Well, normally I. I've used like, let's say Koto autocomplete chatbots for a long time, so and at that time it was introduced as something that was similar with the better functionality, you know, better like comprehension or context windows and so forth. So I tried it out and then it gave very poor results in the beginning. As you might remember, a few years ago it was quite horrible, especially when it comes to long memory context. But at that time, like, no, actually no one was using that. So I was the one that found it online and then decided to try it out with, you know, great emails. We try to see if it can code reasonably well, because I'm from a computational chemistry background, so a lot of coding involved in there. But other than that, when it comes to these new and new websites popping up, usually I just kind of like every week or so tend to Google, like, was there a new platform that's appearing? And then if it looks interesting, I just make an account and check it out. A lot of the times they give free trials as well, so, you know.

5:09 - Thara Ravindran
So I guess, since you are one of those early adopters of technology, it's just natural that you tried out. Is there any tool that you use in particular more than the others? You mentioned ChargerPT, so can I say then you use ChargerPT more than the others? Not really, actually.

5:29 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
ChargerPT is not good for certain things, I think.

5:34 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
ChargerPT, well, it depends. The rankings, in my opinion, shift a little bit, but there's like a bunch of them, right? There's Claude, there's Gemini Pro now, there's DeepSeek, there's ChatGPT, there's Quenchat. Like, ChatGPT is good for certain coding tasks, but it's, and Gemini Pro is better at writing tasks. Perplexity is better at, like, writing more, how do I say this, more human-based text. And if I want to, and they also have different speeds so normally GPT I use for coding for maybe study or something like that or to extract papers or articles I use perplexity which is like and and for Gemini it's good it it works well if you give it a very solid direction like do this this exactly because these all of them tend to to elucidate at some point.

6:35 - Thara Ravindran
Can you then kind of conclude you use several and almost like, is there one that you use more than the others?

6:46 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
No, I think I will kind of spread out my task over all of them, to be honest, like I said. It's not really a good idea to use one of them for everything because they tend to fail miserably for certain tasks and perform really well for others.

7:00 - Thara Ravindran
I'll indicate that. OK, and let's move on to your actual use. I was wondering, since you use several for different purposes, probably it's going to be a little difficult for you to identify one or two tasks that you use routinely. Oh, no, of course not.

7:22 - Unidentified Speaker
I know I can identify that pretty clearly, actually. Like, GPT-specific tasks.

7:28 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
specifically for coding, I would say, and writing articles and help with that. I use Gemini Pro normally for searching for articles or doing a literature survey. I would use a literature survey or like finding out information on a new topic. I would use Perplexity. And a lot of the times if I want to make if I'm writing a paper and I want some say ideas for, for example, a figure, for example, like, you know, so I would like either GPT image generation tends to work better in most cases, especially if you give it a sample image or you make an outline on PowerPoint and share it with GPT so it can fill out the details and you can get ideas from that.

8:11 - Thara Ravindran
These are four of my main tasks that I do. I think for the following few questions, maybe you could pick one or two of these commonly used scenarios to answer my question. Since you've been trying out different things, you could fix one or two to kind of answer the rest of the questions. Now, what we're trying to do is to explore the pattern of use.

8:38 - Thara Ravindran
So, the first question is regarding, you know, your interactions, big start of interaction. Do you have, do you, especially when you use it for professional purposes, like you just mentioned, So when you say professionally, where do you begin? Do you have like a preparation or brief preparation before you start the window, interaction window with the Gen AI? Do you do some prep? And what is the nature of your initial prompt? What would it look like,

9:12 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So, well, since I'm a postdoc, most of my work is research-based, right? So if I want want to know about a specific topic, I personally like to check out a few research articles myself first, like on the web of science or something. I read through their overlying abstracts and stuff. And then after I have a bunch of five different articles that I, or four or five, I tend to upload them, all of them at the same time, to a specific model. And then ask them to summarize. I want to see what it understands first, what comprehension. Then with that context, I ask it to give me more papers, and then give me a brief summary. After that, like I still check them one by one, and this is like research-based. In the other cases, if I want to say code a specific equation, for instance, a similar approach is used, but I tend to give it specific instructions on how to code. For example, make a disk structure, use this equation, do it like this, use this library, And in small sections. If I give it the whole code, then it like I think 80% of the time I would spend more time debugging what it gave me rather than just like copy pasting it. I find it better to do it like how I described because I find like in my previous group in South Korea, actually, when one of my was trying to learn a new topic, she would just directly search on ChatGPT, which is a horrible idea, because it always gives you very general information. So I cannot trust it to give me information directly from the internet. I need to give it documents that it can read and just contain itself within that context first. That's a very interesting strategy.

11:03 - Thara Ravindran
So you could try to keep it focused on some stuff that you would like it to. Isn't that a pretty interesting strategy? Okay, so kind of partly answered my next question, which is, do you usually test partitioning of the tasks? And I think you do, you do that.

11:21 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Any particular reason? I mean, did you always use this strategy?

11:24 - Thara Ravindran
Or is it something that you evolved after your experiences with ChargedGPT?

11:29 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
That's, yeah, so, well, in the beginning, ChargedGPT didn't have the web search option, right? Oh, no. So, and in addition, I've read some of their papers that LLMs tend to hallucinate a lot of citations. That's still a problem today. And actually, they don't really have a solution. They don't know why it does that. Because I read the original paper, and I was like, well, you know, it needs more data. I'm like, okay. But itself, as a self-contained model itself, it does have a certain capability to summarize information that I give it pretty well. So because of that, I can, if I give it the specific document in a specific And I can understand, I can ask it to give me what it can comprehend or it's like not like what it can section out from there is no piece of article. It's not really comprehend comprehension, it's just kind of copy pasting what it thinks are the most important parts of the of the document itself. If I give it that context and then ask further questions, then it will be able to give me what it can comprehend. It can use that as the central focus and then search that specific equation or method online and then give me information which I can check again to see if it's reasonable or not because unless I do that it does not give me answers relevant to my queries. It will always diverge from my main topic after say 10 chats for instance. So I do tend to refresh and generate a new chat as well after 15 prompts because I don't really trust the responses after that.

13:14 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, so it's quite clear what your strategy is and it's interesting and that is kind of different from what I've been hearing all this while since I started. No, I fully understand its limitations.

13:28 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't really want to waste my time solving its problems after I ask like something.

13:39 - Thara Ravindran
So based on what you've been saying, based on the task that you generally use it for, do you consider these tools particularly good at some tasks and not so good at some others? And what would they be? You can give some examples of things that it does well.

13:58 - Unidentified Speaker
I think you already did. You want to add to that?

14:02 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, so it's really good in very short like contexts like if I ask for like a small thing like if I say make this particular make a function in Python that has this input I can copy paste the exact input and then this output copy paste that exact and just generate the function It helps me like a lot because I don't remember every single Python library on the planet.

14:32 - Unidentified Speaker
It can find certain libraries and then write any code, for example. It can, for example, if I'm running a simulation, for instance, and it's a new software, it can search input files and generate a pseudo input file that I can look at what's important.

14:46 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It can search up small things, like, for example, well-known things, not niche things, that I can, like, say, okay, well, what does this parameter mean or what is this concept? And then it helps me with the revision because I already read these so it just helps me revise my memory but it's really bad like these are the main things like it can be very good at but it's very bad when you wanted to use it to learn something new you cannot use that because it will never give you exact information it's very general and because um I find myself it's not related to your question but like I just to add to the effort myself like if I if I study like that then I don't remember anything you know it's it's very superficial so because of that it's hard and also it's very confident in what it says too like it will confidently give you wrong answers that doesn't make any sense like I am for instance one of the things is it was really horrible recently so I did some derivation with some mathematics, right, and then put that, and then just ask it to, at the same time, to generate a code that did that derivation and gives the final equation to calculate. When I looked at the equation, it was wrong. I don't know where it got it from, so I was like, this is wrong. And then Chad GPT confidently said, yeah, you're right, it is wrong, and then gave me another wrong answer. I see. So inference yeah, is horrible at that. You need to give it the exact equation and then maybe it can give you the correct relationships between the terms in there.

16:33 - Thara Ravindran
OK, I think that you made a very interesting point about the confidence even when you see the wrong output. So good and bad, yeah? And how about your signing rules to JNI? Do you normally ask your Gen AI to assume the role of, say, a reviewer, a tester, evaluate, et cetera?

17:00 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, I tried doing it, but here's the thing.

17:06 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
If you say, for example, if you were to ask it to review text and say, take the role of an expert in this field and act as a reviewer, it will give you, like, oh, this is amazing. This is so good. And then and they'll be like no maybe change a little bit and its suggestions are really general on the other hand if you ask it to be critical then it will be overly critical to the point that you're like well this is not a criticism you're just saying stuff to fill out the sentences now so when I do ask it to act as something it will not do its job that well I mean people do that all the time right all the same but like but like it might work for a topic you don't know about but for a topic I know about and it gives me an answer, it does not act like a reviewer. Now, on the other hand, if I give it 10 papers, because the limit is 10 you're uploading your documents, and based on these particular papers, is this work new? Is it repeated in any way? Then I might get reasonable answers. And a reviewer, in my sense, is going to look at that importance. So I have to kind of navigate my way around what it thinks. At that point, it can just read papers myself and see. I don't need a trajectory model for that.

18:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah. I think that's a very valid point you brought out. And it's not so much the role that you assign, but how you scope context of your task that makes all the difference.

18:32 - Thara Ravindran
I think it's a very good observation. Moving on, you're talking about, I mean, I kind I'm going to from all of your response that you seem to be very much in control when you are using chat APT. You tend to drive the interaction forward rather than being led by what chat. I'm going to give you a scenario where you are totally unfamiliar with the task at hand.

19:02 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
You really do not know anything about it.

19:05 - Unidentified Speaker
And as you are in such a context and you would still using one of the Gen AI tools you mentioned. How do you think you would start the interaction? How do you go about seeking the help from both?

19:20 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I tried two different, I mean, I've relied on Shared GPT and not relied, so I can give answers for both of those cases, my experiences anyways. So before Shared GPT, you know, like I did my PhD before it came out, actually, because it came out in 2022.

19:37 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, so I graduated I only used it a little bit, so research was mainly, if I don't know a particular topic, I would go on Web of Science and I would search keywords and find review papers and I would read that questions and then get information about the topic. If it's something very basic level, it's not advanced, like I mean straight of the art, then I would read a book on the topic, an entire book, just to understand and then it doesn't take long maybe three weeks right so if a new project on the other hand uh so that helps me and then I can search more and so forth it's typical general traditional method for research in case of chat gpt if I don't know anything about a topic I mean I would still ask it to give me review papers first actually but one time I know I do it like this now one time I ask it to give me information about a particular topic I had no idea about I searched something about um batteries materials and what do what does it think is the next way direction I should go for these these are blah blah and um it just regurgitated old information and that's an example of one topic that I don't know the direction to if it's a completely new project then I it's really bad at ideas actually chad deputy cannot give new ideas not give interesting ideas it will give you a general thing. Oh, maybe you should look at this system, or oh, this could be interesting. But it's mostly, I would say, not useful information, actually. It would be interesting at the high school level, but if you're doing research and you're trying to actually obtain specifics about a topic on how to approach it, I'm giving general answers because there's many times I've tried this, but it will not you the answers that will help you proceed forward it's the best answer you get is if you know something about it and you give it a direction and make it focus in that direction and then it can give you an answer that might be reasonable like it happened to me a few times where it was able to give me interesting answers but if it looks at data from like online articles or just read abstracts it will just regurgitate that again like it was like that's one of the biases of LLMs, right? Because, like, in many research articles, actually, they promote the material they're studying, the method they're studying, as amazing as state-of-the-art. Would pick it up and then say, this must be amazing. It doesn't know how to evaluate that. They have to use a lot of these adjectives often.

22:21 - Unidentified Speaker
It might be true for the context of the system or the field but not like generally.

22:29 - Thara Ravindran
You know, I was just taking a look at your pre-interview survey and I noticed that you're self-taught. You pick up the prompt engineering yourself. You have not undergone any sort of formal CISO training. And you do have a paid version of which the tools?

22:49 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Gemini and ChargePG. You pay for them.

22:53 - Thara Ravindran
Perplexity is free for 12 for education purposes. So you still find it quite all right with the self-taught mode? You feel you're in control of use of Chattabuti?

23:10 - Unidentified Speaker
After this, I did check out some YouTube tutorials as well. They're quite lengthy now. Before, they were like maybe five minutes. I'll just do this.

23:17 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
And then now that you get a one-hour video of just explaining how, but it's already stuff I know. It makes sense. Like, like if it's thinking of it as an, or like a very complicated autocomplete model, essentially.

23:31 - Thara Ravindran
And then like, like I know how it's trained.

23:34 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Cause I, I mean, I, it's not my field, but since I've also like, I've used chat GPT and like these paid models, but I've also downloaded the LML, the free ones and then run them on my computer as well.

23:47 - Thara Ravindran
So I know the exact, databases they were trained on.

23:50 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
And because of that, I kind of can figure out their limitations. So when I am giving a prompt, I keep that in mind. Like, I know this context window of this LLM is this much, 300k or 1 million or whatever. I know that after 15, it will start to hallucinate and forget the previous information from my experience.

24:10 - Thara Ravindran
I know that if I don't confine it to a specific direction, it's just going to go everywhere.

24:15 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
And I have to click refresh or reprompt myself. One thing I've learned recently is that if I get an answer that I don't like, I just edit my original prompt and then make sure it doesn't include what he wrote. Then that way, the context is streamlined.

24:34 - Thara Ravindran
Moving on, we will go on to your trust of Gen AI tools. Before you got started on your, I think, Chattopadhyay you first 3 started, what would you say was a rough percentage of level of trust you had?

24:57 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
In the beginning, yeah, it's been quite consistent, like percentage, zero, no trust, 100%, like a lot of trust, I would say like maybe 50%.

25:06 - Thara Ravindran
And you started?

25:08 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It has remained the same, actually. It hasn't changed.

25:13 - Thara Ravindran
So you started with about 50%, and it continues to be around there?

25:20 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I mean, they introduce these new models.

25:23 - Unidentified Speaker
They introduce 1.0, 3.0, like Flash, and then 4.0, and now the terrible naming schemes aside, the GPT-5, they tend to break their And because of that, I can't really have any trust in what they do.

25:44 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Like if you notice like five is performing worse than three.

25:47 - Thara Ravindran
Oh, in my opinion, that's legitimately what I observed.

25:51 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Like it's a, the ability for it to generate text is significantly lower. I don't trust it to write for writing tasks these days. And the reason why I don't, another reason why I don't trust is because it will, like I said, it will very confidently give you very wrong answers. And then also completely backtrack when you challenge it. Like I don't want you to agree with everything I say. If it can argue with me, then I would have a higher trust.

26:18 - Thara Ravindran
Oh, interesting. OK, which brings us to the next section. So this was on, you know, how the trust you said it has remained more or less the same. And let me see. You know, I was going to ask you whether there were times when you something and the tool responded with, I'm not so sure, or something that gave you the impression that it was aware of its own limitations. Oh, no. It's how it's made.

26:53 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Because it's trained on the Instruct GPT database, and then after that, it's trained on specific data, it will always want to answer a question with an answer, like that database does not have a blanks. So it will always generate an answer, that's how it's trained.

27:09 - Thara Ravindran
That's just how it is, yeah. And can I say then that it concerns you that it does that?

27:17 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, I mean, of course, I mean, like I said, it makes me lower as the trust. Of course, AI sounding too sure of itself even when you know more sure than the experts on the field. I'm like, what are you talking about?

27:37 - Thara Ravindran
It's more. It's the same with people too, right? When you speak to people and they sound too confident about answers that you know are wrong. Yeah, but

27:47 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It's they don't backtrack immediately when you challenge them.

27:51 - Thara Ravindran
Yes, they will argue like their point.

27:53 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
They will believe that point and then they will try to even though the argument may or reasonable, but they will not just fall in line every time you question it. That's I said, if it can argue with me, then I can trust it.

28:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, yes, you know, I would have seen the famous strawberry spelling example, right?

28:11 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, yeah, three hours or like two hours.

28:14 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, OK, so I think, yeah, I see where you're coming from How about times when SAP DPT would ask you to supply more information, saying, oh, I don't understand this context well enough. Can you give me a bit more details or any such, you know, where you provided a context, but, you know, the tool still wants you to provide a bit more information.

28:40 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, normally, a normal chat GPT mode doesn't do that. I think that and like both of a lot of these models have these like deep research buttons or like lab buttons that if give it specific information they will ask you to define the context like if I say I want to study a say a particular material they will be like okay want me to limit it for this case want to focus on this materials do you want me to look at papers within this range do you want to focus on journals that are like high ranking low ranking high citations like stuff like that so it will ask me that information to verify but that's only because it's designed to be like that yeah Like, I imagine that the developers or they, when they program that button, they ask, they ask the chargeability review, the context it gave you, and then ask further questions for the top three or four questions. And then, and then continue with the deep research. I think that's what they did. I don't know exactly. I'm just guessing here. I'm really low. I'm sure.

29:48 - Unidentified Speaker
That's, that's also like, kind of indicates to me like that this is what it's that's its main focus.

29:56 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So it also a little flawed because like it's relying on chat GPT analyze the results from chat GPT to give the results to you from its chat GPT. So yeah, like I said, I think I prefer all my prompts to be incredibly specific.

30:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Otherwise, I don't want like I do this for and I cannot spend two hours trying to argue with Shantipati to give me the perfect prompt. I would rather spend 10 minutes writing something reasonable and then just get the answer I want. Yeah, down on the Chinese.

30:33 - Thara Ravindran
Which again, you know, brings us to our next listing. How often do you challenge Shantipati or give it feedback? You did mention some of these aspects earlier on in your answers, but can you be a bit specific and give Give me an example of a time when you had a challenge session with one of the tools or when you sort of gave feedback, maybe a positive feedback or a negative.

31:01 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, so it can make so when it comes to writing tasks, I give it a prompt and then I say there's a lot of repetition in this long paragraph, shorten it, reduce it and then it will give me a paragraph which will completely details from there is no one something I don't want at all.

31:17 - Thara Ravindran
I didn't give it.

31:19 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I then I was like, OK, this particular sentence is wrong because of this and then it will be wrong again.

31:24 - Unidentified Speaker
So that can happen in that case. I just refresh the chat and try again.

31:29 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
That's how I mean, like it's like it's using like an entropic function to decide the next based on. I forgot the word, but it's like a specific equation that gives a probability of the next word. Yeah, it comes so. If I refresh the chart, I I think I can like kind of like change the response.

31:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, so to speak, yeah, and that gives me.

31:53 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
When I give them negative response, I just would be like this is wrong. Give it this is too general. You remove all the original points.

32:01 - Thara Ravindran
It can partially fix that issue, but

32:05 - Unidentified Speaker
I guess like I said, I would just like I find myself refreshing.

32:07 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
a new chat window much works much better so um when it comes to that is a specific example when it comes to logic itself like for example I can give it some structures of some molecules and say predict can you tell me which one do you think is going to perform great for this task and it can give me a response and give me some logic okay the atoms on this one is beneficial for this property or whatever they can be completely wrong or completely reasonable then I if I say OK, no, this property is not doesn't make any sense for this case, then it will completely agree with me and give me in some cases

32:46 - Unidentified Speaker
the correct property.

32:48 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Then I might look at the result, be like OK, some of what it is saying sounds reasonable to me. I should check it out more and in some cases like it doesn't make any sense.

32:58 - Thara Ravindran
Refresh the prompt. Yeah, I mean I think it's flowing nicely because I wanted to ask you about your tendency to verify or validate something you got from Charity?

33:13 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Often do you do that? Every time, every time. Okay, time. I have to, like if I'm like, anything I do, I have to put, I'm writing it for a paper, right?

33:24 - Thara Ravindran
And I can't like put stuff in a paper without verifying it. I can't form like a project proposal without verifying it either. No, absolutely not.

33:31 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Or like I can't, for my own like knowledge as well, I cannot like, I cannot build my knowledge base on something that I'm not sure with.

33:40 - Thara Ravindran
This is why books and papers are so important for research.

33:45 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It's unfortunate a lot of papers are also using ChatGPT to complete the entire text without verification. Actually, one of my reviewers in an old paper, they used ChatGPT to copy the entire paper and gave me the review.

34:02 - Thara Ravindran
So that kind of like, you know, the academic world will be grappling with in the coming years. And I think it will blow over. Yeah, it might.

34:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I think it might cause like, I think a lot of, well, this is unrelated, but I think a lot of the companies that are using AI chatbots, they're going to fail miserably perhaps in the coming future.

34:25 - Thara Ravindran
That's what I see.

34:26 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It's kind of like the dot-com bubble essentially.

34:30 - Thara Ravindran
So you know when you say every time you go back to verify validate exactly where where do you do your checking?

34:39 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Well, I I asked for a specific topic right? I can check in a book on that concept or when it gives me an article like this article says this. I can just open that article and check it right. Exactly saying that or like if it says something like OK, structure of this kind of molecule is reasonable or not, but I can just draw the molecule on a piece of paper and look at its chemistry, if it makes sense or not. It should follow some rules, right?

35:09 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, so that's about the validation. Now we're going to move into the coordination aspect of your interaction with the Gen-AI tools. You mentioned this iterative nature, and I think what made your pattern of use interesting is that you tend to do it in small modules, you know, small modules, and sometimes you kind of decouple one from the other, just so that some errors that propped up in the first one will not reappear in the second, right? So, that's about this thing.

35:43 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So, how many times roughly, you know, would you say you go into this loop of interaction, get something that you think is decent enough for you to close the window and three or four times maybe four times yeah yeah um it's a range that it's like a median essentially like I would say minimum two maximum ten I guess and four or five is like not sorry not three or four or five would be the medium yeah um and um it depends on the task like if I you know No, it's like it also it's a simple if it's a simple task like okay give me this command in Linux. I want to do this. It'll just give me one line. I just don't need to do it once for this fantastic charge. Everybody works fantastic.

36:31 - Thara Ravindran
Yes, that's a very great just one line of like command.

36:34 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
That's all if it's like okay generate this 100 line input file. Yeah, I mean but that's all that's only if I have no idea about the software or the package or whatever the case may be, though I still need to check what those terms mean. Characteristics came out for me after I knew specifics of many things that I need to do, the basis of many, like computational chemistry, like base, everything builds on that. I can kind of like know how it's correct and I can kind of distinguish. If I started from zero, like for example, if I start my bachelor's or master's now and I completely rely on ChatGPT, then I don't think I can distinguish whether or not it's reasonable or not. It's very hard. So one of my, like I said, one of my juniors would like learn new topics from ChatGPT. When I ask her like, this is wrong, she's like, but ChatGPT said this. And I'm like, it's not a person. Okay, you cannot rely on it for anything like that.

37:42 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, I know. This you're talking about and I think the right of them um fall under that that category you know using it as help to kind of lead them somewhere because they don't know enough to you know but I think there's a different scenario you you do have the basic knowledge and a bit beyond that so you're in a better position to then uh even evaluate the kind of output that you're receiving from yeah like because I've like seen how wrong it can be.

38:14 - Unidentified Speaker
I cannot trust it to give me information about a topic I don't know anything about.

38:19 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
No matter how the size of its parameters, from like 300 million to 1 trillion or whatever, 1.8 think is the newest one, it doesn't change its performance. I think it's kind of reaching some kind of bottleneck for its architecture.

38:39 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Again, this is unrelated to the discussion, but from my understanding, it's like a recurrent neural network. But it was originally used for translation tasks.

38:52 - Thara Ravindran
So we had RNNs, and then we moved towards other architectures like LSTMs and gated recurrent networks.

39:00 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
And now we have transformers. Transformers perform better than all of these, but now transformers are also reaching their limits. So they might not be the final architecture, architecture when it comes to general AI.

39:16 - Thara Ravindran
I think the future is where they would decouple from LLMs and do it in a different way where LLMs are being used, but not as much as it's being used currently. I wanted to ask you about version tags and changelogs, but I think you kind of answered that part by telling me that you tend to edit previous version of your prompts to get an answer that is clean and so on. I think you may have answered that. Okay, now we move on to how, you know, these tools impact on your work. Okay, so I'd like you to sort of explain whether there have been changes the way you work, positively or negatively, you know, what benefits that you derived as a postdoc fellow in your professional work?

40:13 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So they save a lot of time.

40:15 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, instead of spending maybe 20 minutes on writing a code that's very basic, I can just spend two minutes, get the code and just run it. And then I don't need to check it that deeply as well.

40:30 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
If I want some, you know, some idea text or whatever, I can just quickly generate that. If I want to write an email, for instance, and I don't want to spend time being polite or constructing the grammar, I can just write me this email and just copy paste.

40:47 - Unidentified Speaker
That kind of thing tends to save a lot of time.

40:49 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I mean, it's a huge time saver if it's used properly, but relying on it blindly is going to waste more time. So that's why many people actually don't like using ChatGPTN.

41:07 - Thara Ravindran
Like I said, it's a tool.

41:09 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Use it properly and you get the answers you want. If you don't, then you tend to suffer. I learned this from trial and error, actually. It's not like I picked it up in one day, right?

41:23 - Thara Ravindran
So it's safe to say that you find it as productivity, a bit more efficiently, wherever you can use it in a way that suits your needs. I was going through your critical evaluation, critical thinking scores, and I see that you are ranging between agree and strongly agree for most of the questions. And one where you say, I tend to rely on systematic thinking rather than intuition. You kind of answered neutral. So what does it mean that you do apply some intuition as well?

42:06 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I mean, do you always? Systematic thinking, well, from the question I understand systematically, systematic thinking is if I have, like I said, a particular structure. If I have a task, OK, I do this step.

42:23 - Thara Ravindran
I can do that with something.

42:24 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
is I need some like intuition like if I'm looking at a data or like if I'm looking at like I said a particular molecule what does my intuition say this should probably give like this kind of result this is what I should look out for and that's not like systematic that's just a guess. It just comes to you. Yeah maybe from experience maybe from some conscious information I have or so forth.

42:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah so it is neutral, I'm just checking on that. Your algorithm version tells me you have a healthy skepticism, which is obvious.

42:58 - Unidentified Speaker
And OK, let's move on to now the wish list.

43:03 - Thara Ravindran
So assuming you have no technology barriers, you can ask for anything, what would be the top three things on your wish list for generative AI tool in the future?

43:16 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
It doesn't, under this question, Will it answer correctly or incorrectly? There's verification.

43:23 - Thara Ravindran
Oh, so there is no correct or incorrect, but it's all about what you would like to see in a future version.

43:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, OK. Yeah, if what I would like to see in the future, OK, that's an interesting question.

43:39 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I would like to see have better context, much better context that maybe significantly better context would be extremely good because you know it forgets everything one other like if it does that then I can rely on it more in terms of like along with chat window the second thing would probably be to verify its own text because it generates very confidently either it's like an article or whether its own text or logic and I think these two are the The third one is probably related to, how do I say, it's like, I think this third question was also answered. The third probably would be, it would be great if it can run the code it generates and then see if it gets the correct answer.

44:36 - Thara Ravindran
If I can upload, yeah.

44:43 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
one of the biggest things of chart GPT or these many of these LLMs, I've seen chart GPT because it's like one of the main ones and everyone knows about it. So, um, because like a lot of the times the, um, they're advertised to be in the performance metrics. What are these like text, math, coding, you know, these are the three main, one of the three main ones. And they keep like going, like, the same data bank, like the same verification model to just again and again just reiterate that basically the training at that point, it's not validation data anymore. It's like training data at this point. So those numbers don't mean anything. And I say coding and these three tasks is because they're not actually improving them in my opinion. They're just kind of like stagnating now.

45:37 - Thara Ravindran
Sort of inbreeding in that sense, you know.

45:42 - Unidentified Speaker
I think these models are going to get a little worse because... It probably would.

45:47 - Thara Ravindran
So yeah, unless it keeps refreshing with the updated and validated knowledge, the base, like you said, and it keeps, you know, information based on the old knowledge.

46:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, they like kind of like train them at a time website allowed them to scrape all the text that they needed. Now they don't allow that. So they just kind of keep training it on their own text. And I'm like, that's not going to give good results. I think that's a valid answer.

46:18 - Thara Ravindran
OK, so I think we're coming to the close, really. What would your major concerns be about using these tools?

46:27 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
People trust them too much. People do trust them too much, you think?

46:32 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, they trust them a lot, actually.

46:35 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I to rephrase this better, they rely on the chat GPT to do a lot of the thinking. That's not going to end well for them. Their own ability to cognitively discern what information is correct, incorrect, is going to go down quite substantially.

47:05 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Like I said, it's a tool you cannot think of it as a person You cannot think of it as they and end all be all when it comes to giving answers So my main concern is that people rely on it too much or trust it too much not in the sense that they don't shouldn't Use it. You should probably use it properly.

47:21 - Thara Ravindran
It should understand its caveats like you know people don't like Do that with other stuff like like they would trust certain journals more than the others but in the charge a pity response they would like charge if it is going to give the equal weightage to a nature paper and like a ranking one like that doesn't make any sense and when you're reading that you're like okay so everybody thinks is correct so you know like if there's a lot of biases yeah it does yeah you that's that's your top concern I would say that yeah it was my it's my concern being over and then sort of in a way it impacts on their own cognitive

48:06 - Unidentified Speaker
development.

48:07 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Yeah, because I experienced this myself like when I was using it more often than usual and I was reading the papers. I just kind of had this hand like triggering like OK, do I copy this stuff? The tragedy that's explained, but like when it reads it, it gives you a very poor summary of without missing all. And I'm like I don't want to know if it's amazing or great. I want to know like what specifically why it's doing it. And it's like awful when it comes to like generating text in certain cases because it will always use certain words breathtaking underscores.

48:37 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't know why it keeps using that.

48:40 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
No idea. I hate that word. But you can tell if it's written. A text is written by Chad GPT.

48:46 - Thara Ravindran
If they mentioned the word. I don't know why it keeps using that.

48:50 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I hate that word.

48:53 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
But you can tell if it's written.

48:54 - Thara Ravindran
A text is written by Chad GPT. If they mentioned the word.

48:57 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I don't know why it keeps using that. Like underscores and or em dashes a lot of times like people normally don't use those. Very interesting area to explore.

49:04 - Thara Ravindran
You know this time it could build like a chap DPT vocabulary on academic paper writing.

49:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah, like yeah, I it's the best way I can give it to give me the correct writing is as I give it a text I wrote myself and I said this is a sample text.

49:21 - Thara Ravindran
Do not deviate from the phrasing I have used here.

49:25 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
and then it will give me something with similar or more academic style phrasing. So true.

49:31 - Thara Ravindran
Anything else you'd like to add, Abdullah? Do you have any comments or any anecdotes to share?

49:40 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Just one or two, perhaps. To add to the point that you asked, where's my major concern at the end, is that because of the over-reliance, I've seen certain researchers or PhD students or master's students take more time in obtaining the correct results because they will keep relying on it too much and then when they use that as a basis law of logic to perform further experiments, they would get erroneous results or results they were not expecting and then they kind of ask Charjeepati again. And it continues. And as a result, this allows them to not pick up on basic knowledge, I guess is the right word.

50:29 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
That point and one other unrelated to this one, probably that these companies, they tend to, many of their models actually don't care about its performance. I genuinely think they don't care about how it improves its performance. Because I didn't know the difference. I could not observe the difference between O3 Flash, O1 something blah blah blah. It's faster.

50:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Is it wrong slower or wrong faster?

51:02 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
So that's why I have like checked out multiple websites because like I find that the more people go on like a particular service, the more they tend to not care about their user base. Like if my code is written on a Chargipity, yeah, if we're written on like many of these companies are using Chargipity APIs or whatever the case may be. And the moment they update their website, all their systems crash. I see. So it's like my, I think my summary of it to me it's a tool and

51:45 - Thara Ravindran
It's just too late. I don't trust it.

51:47 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
I like to give me perfect results. So based on that I already know that I should check it every time.

51:57 - Thara Ravindran
Yes, obviously I think that thanks a lot. I'm delighted. No problem. And let me just check your.

52:02 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
OK, now.

52:10 - Unidentified Speaker
number to make sure that it's correct. It's recorded down as 88721708. Yes, correct.

52:25 - Thara Ravindran
So what will happen now is that my colleague who handles the payment will get in touch with you and most probably it will be payla. Give it two weeks and if you don't hear anything in two weeks, please email me and let me know. All right.

52:40 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
OK, thank you so much. Three minutes.

52:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Can I ask you one question? I'm curious.

52:49 - Unidentified Speaker
In the interviews that you participated in, how was the general trust towards ChadJPT? Because that's one of my major concerns. I'm curious what people have said.

52:59 - Thara Ravindran
I mean, obviously, your trust level is way lower. I have not done many yet. I'm just starting and you're actually is the fourth because I just started on Thursday so the yours will be the fourth and all other three they have all started off with very low trust say 20 to 30 and they have pushed it up to 70 80 around more than 50 most of them so that's the trend I've been seeing I've interviewed the older people and it's the same they started off with very low trust and after some level of you they have pushed it up to something beyond 50, I would say, So that seems to be the trend, most of them. You're the only person who told me that you started off around you 50 maintain the 50, because that's your experience. So yeah, so in that sense, the trust-wise, I think you would fall in a totally different category. I think you have your reasons, you explained well.

54:05 - Unidentified Speaker
but also something that's, I guess, you answered that question as well.

54:10 - Thara Ravindran
You know, I think the difference lies in your own two things. One, your own basic knowledge base and your awareness of that knowledge base. Two things. One is that you know something. The second is that you know that you know. You know what I mean? The metacognition of it. So I think if these two things are there, then you to see these tools in a very different light. It's compared to somebody who probably knows, but probably is not aware that he knows enough or is not confident of his own knowledge, who then tends to rate that tool platform as something that's, oh, you know, this is fantastic. And so I totally understand that.

54:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Where you come from and how you use it.

54:59 - Thara Ravindran
I think you are not the typical user. You're an atypical user. Than I would say. But thanks anyway, yeah. OK, I think that's the whole point of the investigation, to see all these different types of usage. So anything interesting? If you have any anecdotes that you forgot to share but would like to share, feel free to email, yeah?

55:21 - Thara Ravindran
You have indicated a yes to the experiment, so hopefully we will get to see you again in the second component of the study. OK, sure.

55:30 - Abdullah Bin Faheem
Have a nice day and take care.

55:32 - Thara Ravindran
Nice talking to you.



受访人35:
1:03 - Thara Ravindran
hey hi morning detention hello can you hear me I'm able to hear you okay Can you turn on your video too?

1:37 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Hi Vinansha.

1:38 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, it's possible for you to be to come on video?

1:41 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Actually, I'm currently in my office.

1:47 - Thara Ravindran
I see, okay. Can you talk? I mean is it okay for you?

1:56 - Thara Ravindran
Just give you a brief overview of what this interview is about. I think you investigates how young professionals interact with Gen-AI and whether the dynamics between Gen-AI and the user resembles something like human-human interaction. So we apply a theoretical frame called transactive memory systems, which consists of specific dimensions. We're basically trying to find out whether there are any parallels. Does it reflect human-human interaction in some ways, or how is it different? And what effect this interaction has on your learning, the improvements in different aspects, such as, in this instance, it's critical thinking and so on.

3:00 - Thara Ravindran
And as you know, we the research, the process requires you to be recorded. So, you know, I will be starting recording soon so that we have something to validate, you know, the findings and so on. So in case we are not clear, we can always go back to your transcript audio recording to verify facts and so on.

3:28 - Thara Ravindran
I have your pre-interview survey which you have filled out and I will be probing on certain aspects there as well.

3:40 - Gitansha Aggarwal
We'll begin with yourself.

3:42 - Thara Ravindran
If you can just give me a brief description of your background, what do you do work-wise, professionally and so on. Especially I'm interested to your tech adoption, technology adoption, attitude, intentions, and so on. For example, you compare yourself with your peer group. We want to know whether you are one of the earlier adopters or, you know, you're one who will wait for some cue to get started and so on. What motivates you to get started and so on, okay? So you can start begin by by giving me a brief description of your background.

4:28 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Yeah, sure. So basically, currently, I'm working as a solutions developer in a marine and offshore company. And so, and then I'm like a AI digital developer. And besides that, I have just completed my master's from NTU in business analytics. So regarding like the AIs and all those who have worked on some of the POCs using the LLM, so I have like fairly enough idea on how to use them and how they can affect like in the day to day work life basis, those kind of things.

5:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Your master's was in can I know which domain your master's is in? Business analytics.

5:17 - Thara Ravindran
business analytics and you're currently working as an analyst or software developer?

5:22 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I'm more like a software developer. Software developer.

5:27 - Thara Ravindran
How about your technology adoption pattern, Gitansha?

5:33 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So for that, I would say it's like, I mean, I kind of keep on looking about the latest news and all those stuff.

5:46 - Gitansha Aggarwal
sometimes like I need to reference to the tutorials or those kind of a thing.

5:56 - Unidentified Speaker
So it's not like I can start like from the very basics but need a bit of a help I would say.

6:07 - Thara Ravindran
If you compare yourself with your peers, are you one of the first people to go in or you like you wait for a while before you go in?

6:18 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I think I would place myself as like first to go in.

6:23 - Thara Ravindran
Ah, okay. Earlier doctors, I would say.

6:29 - Thara Ravindran
Now, I know you indicated that you do not have a paid version, although you have been trained in prompt engineering. I think you attended some Coursera courses or something like that.

6:42 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Yeah, yeah, correct.

6:44 - Thara Ravindran
So, can you explain why? This seems to be a little bit of contradiction, because usually, if they are trained, they probably have the paid version, although there is no strict correlation. I'm just curious why you decided not to use a paid version yet.

7:00 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Actually, since there are so many multiple resources, I feel like I can make use of the different free versions to fulfill whatever want to accomplish.

7:17 - Thara Ravindran
So you don't see the need.

7:22 - Thara Ravindran
And out of all the different tools available, which are the ones that you use the most frequently?

7:32 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Most frequently, I would say like the Chennai, especially like the ChatGPT.

7:40 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Gemini, Cloud, those kind of things.

7:49 - Thara Ravindran
You know, you mentioned that you're one of the earlier adopters and I guess in the case of Jatipati, Gemini, you probably were one of the first people to get started amongst your peer group, right? Can you tell me what motivated you? What got you started? When you want to download and try out?

8:09 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So basically like after being in Singapore, I used to go to like multiple networking events or those kind of things which were like used to focus on these kind of things. So hearing those, yeah, it gives me an idea like maybe, okay, these are the things people are looking forward to. So maybe I should try and see how they are going to be.

8:37 - Thara Ravindran
So when you are in these and people speak about these tools, you felt that you have to keep yourself updated, so you decided to try.

8:48 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, now we are going to go into what do you use it for, you know, like, since you're a software professional and you seem to have a background in application development and all that. The question is, what proportion of the time do you use it professionally versus personally? If you use it for personal purposes at all you know or do you use it for more?

9:13 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I think I would say it's a balance between both of them because professionally sometimes in the debuggings and those kind of things it is useful also when I have to understand some concepts it actually provides you like great resources and helps you understand the concepts ready And for the personalization, like again, if I have to pick up something or sometimes that is helpful. Sometimes like when I'm drafting the emails or like editing some passages or I have to change my tone, those kinds of things, I would say I use it.

10:00 - Thara Ravindran
for conceptual understanding, and for your profession, for your tasks, what kind of tasks? Can you give me an example, for example, for work, work use?

10:17 - Thara Ravindran
I mean, since I'm like, mostly software developers, it's understanding a new concept or something or like debugging, Now, you will base the next set of questions on your debugging professional experience or conceptual clarification, any one of them.

10:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Basically, is trying to understand your pattern of use.

10:53 - Unidentified Speaker
How do you interact with JetAI?

10:57 - Thara Ravindran
take your coding or debugging or even conceptual understanding example.

11:05 - Thara Ravindran
First of all, when you use ChatGPT, what is your objective in tapping on ChatGPT really? Like the specific goal there, what would it be? What do you expect ChatGPT to help you with?

11:20 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So, I mean, I mostly do that because sometimes it's like when I do the Google search or those like of thing. So it has an advantage that it can consolidate all the information. I don't have to like switch to different tabs or maybe like if I want to have the follow up questions.

11:37 - Unidentified Speaker
I can just say,

11:41 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So it's more of like I have like a structured thing and I can reference through my other materials while googling or normal stuff.

11:53 - Thara Ravindran
So, you like the fact that it consolidates information across different sources as compared to chat, Google which is just pointing you in different directions, right? So, that's your goal in using, okay. Now, the next question is your pattern of use. How do you get started? You know, like the first prompt or is there some preparation you do, you know? So, I'm interested in your the pre-prompt preparation and your first prompt, let's say.

12:30 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So for that, maybe I usually try to assign a rule to it so that it doesn't go in other directions and probably focus on that one.

12:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Then I try to give it some context as well.

12:50 - Thara Ravindran
will provide a content and in your first prompt you know you just now you mentioned that you provide a context yeah how detailed will this first prompt with your context description will be like how much information will you give will you give most of it some part of it do you break down the things that you need into different parts how what is your Actually, it usually depends on the nature of the task that I have to do.

13:23 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So if it's like something which I don't, which like it's small task, like maybe draft an email or something like that. Yeah, not much. I don't provide it much context because I just want like a first draft and then I can edit it by myself. If it's like some concepts or like, how is this related to that, those kind of things. It would be like, this is my aim and this is the This is what I want.

13:54 - Thara Ravindran
And you assign the role also you you tell you to take the role of let's say, can you give me an example?

14:02 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So, okay, like, even I will just take an example of a table. So if it's like something related to data science and say you're an expert in data scientist, I have to like, and do it something else. So then I assigned that particular rule.

14:24 - Thara Ravindran
Assuming that you would be, if you're an expert in this area, one would use it.

14:31 - Thara Ravindran
The next question is on, you know, like, you're dealing with the outputs from ChatGPT, right?

14:44 - Thara Ravindran
So the question is do you do you find the Chakrapati to be good at certain tasks or better than you rather you know and do you and what are these tasks you find it particularly bad with something and what what would that be? So you know in your in your opinion based on your experiences.

15:04 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Okay so if I have those pinpointed something which it is good at.

15:17 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I would say like originating the first drafts or like providing some ideas like to get started with.

15:23 - Thara Ravindran
Okay okay yeah you find that quite reliable and you like that part. Okay okay and how about those aspects that you think it is not very good at?

15:37 - Gitansha Aggarwal
For that I would say it's so sometimes if I just provided too much information, right?

15:45 - Thara Ravindran
I see.

15:47 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So it's more like less creative freedom. So yeah.

15:54 - Thara Ravindran
Is there anything, any specific example you can think of Like you gave too much information and you found it output not so good.

16:04 - Gitansha Aggarwal
The one example which is actually coming to my mind right now is like while I was writing emails or those kind of things, right? So I provided like the GED or stuff. So it used to like have completely focus on the GED and instead of like- I see.

16:26 - Unidentified Speaker
It is not what you are looking for. Yeah, exactly.

16:33 - Thara Ravindran
Now I'm going to go into In the task that you mentioned just now, such as you're asking for conceptual clarification or debugging of code or whatever. These are tasks that you are familiar with yourself. How about some examples of tasks that you are not familiar with? You don't know much about it and you are seeking the help of ChatGPT. Can you give me an example of that? How did you do? What was your experience with that?

17:02 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I actually understand. What kind of thing you mean like I don't have the knowledge about or is it something else which you want me to give an example of

17:18 - Thara Ravindran
I just I'm on understanding your experience using Chattopadhyay when the user is not familiar with what should be done you know like you're totally clueless you get stuck you have you had that kind of experiences where you really don't know anything Yeah, maybe explain that.

17:41 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So, I mean, like, I'm learning totally a new concept or something, right? And I have no idea about it, what I'm going to dive into. So usually at that time, what I do, it's like, if I have to accomplish certain tasks, and I just provide start with that particular information like I want to accomplish this and this is like my set of the things which I need to do and this is what I want to know about and then I try to see what it provides me and let's say provided me like this is how you should get started and then nowadays it's also generating like this is what you can use exactly so try to look through that and if I have like some things I don't understand or understand it conceptually, then I asked you to give me an analogy of it so that it solidifies my thinking. I see.

18:40 - Unidentified Speaker
And then I asked you to follow up questions.

18:44 - Gitansha Aggarwal
If I'm stuck on some particular thing, I'm still unable to understand it. Can you explain it a bit more, or maybe in some other way? So those kind of things.

18:58 - Thara Ravindran
And how would you find the responses for that?

19:04 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean, since I have no idea about it, so I would say the responses are quite good because at least with the analogy and those kind of stuff, I'm able to understand the concept so I can proceed.

19:19 - Thara Ravindran
The next part covers your trust in AI. So at this point, I think looking at your pre-survey, I see that your trust in Gen AI is quite good, you know, as in most of the time you trust that it handles a fairly common task quite well.

19:47 - Thara Ravindran
But although you said that you are not willing to depend on the AI output in multi-step collaborations. Can you explain that a bit? Because for the others, you seem to agree and strongly agree.

20:02 - Thara Ravindran
There are a couple of questions. It seems like a mixture.

20:06 - Unidentified Speaker
You said that you're sometimes suspicious of the output, even when it looks correct.

20:15 - Thara Ravindran
Can you explain why that's the case?

20:20 - Gitansha Aggarwal
as I mentioned, sometimes I use it for like codings and those kind of stuff, right.

20:26 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So usually during that time, while I'm asking it again and again, so it sometimes misses the concepts and hallucinates sometimes, I see, which can sometimes lead to some of the functionality is those kind of a thing. The cases which I'm not very of it. And again, like I have provided the example of like the emails and then it's too much of the context. And then it's okay.

20:56 - Thara Ravindran
So that's the reason.

21:02 - Thara Ravindran
You also disagree that you don't you're not willing to depend on AI output in a multi step collaboration.

21:07 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Yeah, you are okay with their common tasks, common tasks.

21:13 - Thara Ravindran
I think it trusted. What do you have in mind when you indicated that you are not willing to depend on AI for multi-step collaboration?

21:26 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So for me the main thing which I won't depend on for multi-step collaboration is like because of the one step can lead to like a chain effect kind of a thing.

21:40 - Unidentified Speaker
So which can be sometimes harder to control or like figure out where exactly So, if it just involves you and Chadjipati, you are okay.

21:54 - Thara Ravindran
If it involves other people, then you will be okay.

21:59 - Thara Ravindran
Now, the next part is on, you know, coming back to your trust, you know, what percentage do you think your trust level was when you first got started?

22:13 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So actually when I got started it was around like 22-23ish. Yeah at that time it was quite low.

22:26 - Thara Ravindran
I see and how did it change over time with use?

22:31 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So like as these days like it's getting better and better right because something new is coming up they're making it more trustable and it's expanding a lot like even now you can get the citations and references like where exactly it is coming from so that has like kind of raised some of my trust in it.

22:54 - Thara Ravindran
And what what is the level now I mean if you want to give a percentage roughly?

23:00 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So I would say around 80 percent.

23:03 - Thara Ravindran
So from 20 to 30 it has increased to 70 to 30 depending on yeah okay. So the next question is when AI gives you the output you know maybe conceptual clarification or some advice how often do you go back and verify this?

23:25 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Okay I mean usually sorry so if like there's some citations or those kind of thing right I try to verify with those citations and if it's like depends on the nature of the impact it will have if it's like a big part of it which I need to verify then I'll try to fact check it because as you know the output we get from it is not always correct so for me it becomes essential to when I'm using it to verify like if I'm using it what I'm doing is like actually verified, at least from my side.

24:05 - Thara Ravindran
Give me an example of something you checked, verified with the, what sources do you use to check? How do you check your output from Chargibility? What do you verify it against?

24:19 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Usually like Google search or something like that.

24:24 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, give did this? Because you had to be sure.

24:32 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So sometimes like while I was in my college, I was doing like some researches or something for assignment at that particular time. So I had to like fact check if the studies it is providing me are actually valid or not. Or is it something it is making up?

24:59 - Thara Ravindran
Have you ever had any experience where the AI sounded like it's not sure of its own response? For example, it gives you some answer, but with a caveat. It says, oh, I'm not very sure of this, or I'm only half sure, or whatever. Have you ever come across that?

25:21 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Oh, I'm like on the top of the mind. I can't remember anything like that.

25:29 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Because mostly it sounds like pretty confident when it's generating.

25:32 - Unidentified Speaker
I see. OK, OK.

25:36 - Thara Ravindran
So you don't see that unsure kind of response. How about AI questioning you about the context, for example? Example, AI telling you that, you know, the context is not clear to me, can you give me more information? Have you had that experience?

25:54 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Okay, usually, I try to provide something like if you are unclear, then ask me something. So, at that moment, it does ask me some questions, like if you can provide me this more context tailored to your responses.

26:12 - Gitansha Aggarwal
And it's straight out asking me, I don't think I have this idea.

26:21 - Thara Ravindran
So I think from what you've been telling me, I understand that your interaction with Jatipati is a little bit of an iterative one, right? It asks, you ask question, it gives you something, and then you ask more further probing questions, and it goes on, right? How many times do you think this kind of interaction last, you know, how many loops, iteration does it take for you to get something?

26:50 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Like useful, which I can reuse, right? I would say like, I'm able to get like something solid in under three to five.

27:01 - Thara Ravindran
Three to five, three to five. Do you apply what we call control or criteria and say do not proceed until you know until I say so until I this is verified or some such you do you apply that kind of yeah yeah so basically like I asked to like don't generate it unless you have all the you have asked all the verifying questions yes I do yeah this is for code generation I presume?

27:37 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Usually code generation or sometimes like I have to develop some draft or some person I'm working on.

27:45 - Thara Ravindran
You ask AI to summarize the, you know, summarize what the output given or lock the scope or lock the assumptions, sources and so on.

27:58 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Yeah, actually, yeah. So sometimes I use Perl city or the notebook lm so yeah if I don't have a lot of time to go through the case studies but actually then so I just put it in the notebook lm and then Read through the summaries and but then even once I know the idea then I try to go through it again to see like which yeah what points is highlighted in the case studies so to have the like remember them properly and get a better understanding of the case studies. And for the perplexity, I feel like it gives a solid research material. If you want to try it, you have the summary as well. And then if you want a detailed report or anything, you can just go to the links and explore it more.

28:57 - Thara Ravindran
um had the experience of tragedy contradicting something it said or something you you knew for yourself your conviction we had any such prediction from tragedy I mean I remember like it has happened like usually if you ask go for a simple question like the common classic example was the strawberry case and so it has happened And how do you then manage it? You just stop your conversation or you try to correct it? How do you deal with that?

29:38 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Earlier I used to stop my conversation but these days I like sometimes I just prob it a bit more like this is not what it is.

29:47 - Thara Ravindran
You do sometimes provide feedback to get the BTM.

29:54 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Okay, okay.

29:58 - Thara Ravindran
When do you decide to stop your iteration?

30:03 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Then I feel like I have something concrete to get started like what I wanted to get.

30:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I'm satisfied I get a certain level.

30:19 - Thara Ravindran
What is the nature of your ending of your interaction? Do you tell the GPT that, OK, I've had enough, or do you just stop?

30:28 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Oh, I just usually stop. Or sometimes it's like, if it's an email draft or something, I just say, OK, this is what I want to thank you, and those kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah.

30:38 - Thara Ravindran
OK, I see. You know, just asking you something about your use, are you in the habit of using tags or change logs and and to coordinate the revisions. Sometimes you have to revise certain things.

30:55 - Unidentified Speaker
You do? Do you?

31:02 - Thara Ravindran
Now we're going to go into the impact that use of ChatGPT has on your personal learning gains. So for example, you're using it for your professional reasons. Have you noticed any change in you professionally or personally since using JPT?

31:24 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean I would say sometimes like if you're just reading through something like especially if it's very technical it's harder to like remember the concepts but with JPT you can get the analogy. So like I feel like using those analogies, I'm able to remember the concepts in a much simpler and way where I can like reference them for the future as well.

31:49 - Thara Ravindran
You found it very helpful in that sense.

31:54 - Thara Ravindran
Has it impacted on your decision making? Have you had some good? So if you were to list a few benefits of using ChargerBT, what would the benefits be?

32:05 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean, first of all, has made like everything move at a faster pace, right? Everything gets done.

32:17 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So mostly efficiency.

32:20 - Thara Ravindran
Have you noticed any improvement in your learning or your work in other personal aspects?

32:31 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean I think everything will can come under like umbrella Do you think you use it too much?

32:45 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean, I think I do because sometimes I have tasks where I want to just be myself and I feel like maybe relying a bit on it too much is impacting.

32:57 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, you do have that.

32:59 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So how do you then handle that when you know that you are depending too much you cut it off sometimes yeah so I try to like if I feel like I'm depending on it too much so let's say the email thing so I try to like come up with the drafts myself and then feel like okay yeah this is what I wanted and then so kind of you can say restrict a bit of it.

33:31 - Thara Ravindran
We're coming to the almost to the end. What are your so-called wish list for CharityBD? I know you are fully aware that there are restrictions because I went through your AI anxiety answers and also the answers on algorithm aversion. You seem to have a healthy skepticism, we want to call it that, about AI. So if you want to wish for improvements, can you give me some points on what these improvements are in your wish list?

34:04 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So for the responses I generate, right? I mean, first of all, I would say, right?

34:15 - Thara Ravindran
OK, sorry.

34:16 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I just got a blank for a minute. Let me just.

34:26 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I think first of all the privacy issues and like one thing I feel like we don't know who's gonna take the responsibilities because there has been cases like the other companies doing the researches where they still don't know sometimes like how the AI is gonna be behave and there has been cases where they have experienced like to save itself it can like blackmail the people and like so those kind of a thing like if we can come up with something we can control and another thing definitely like the quality of the content even though it's late on yeah Anything else?

35:15 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I think that should be it.

35:20 - Thara Ravindran
How about, you know, you are trained in prompt engineering, and you've used it quite extensively. So if you want to give some advice to people who have never tried LGBT, can you list two, three, three, let's say three advice?

35:38 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Or however many, yeah.

35:40 - Thara Ravindran
What would be the top three advice for novice users?

35:45 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So first of all, I would say give it the context of the task you want it to be done. And another thing is maintain the proper instruction sets.

36:00 - Thara Ravindran
First this, then this.

36:02 - Gitansha Aggarwal
How you would explain a thing to a child. You want to get it accomplished. And the third thing is, I would say, don't just rely on it blindly.

36:12 - Thara Ravindran
Try to, like, cushion it.

36:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Like, if it's generated something, don't just take it and go ahead with it.

36:23 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So those will be my top three advices.

36:30 - Thara Ravindran
You know, just out of another aspect, curiosity, another aspect, which I think from what you've been telling me, it seems to me that you do treat this as a tool for productivity, really, right? Just out of curiosity, do you ever consider this tool as slightly more than a tool and maybe a human peer, like a group teammate, perhaps? Have ever experienced that? You treat it like that?

37:04 - Gitansha Aggarwal
Very occasionally, I would say.

37:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Occasionally, yeah. So in certain instances, maybe, yeah? Can you give me an example, if you don't mind?

37:15 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean, so if I think maybe some personal projects or like, yeah. So this is what I come up with, do you think?

37:31 - Unidentified Speaker
it is good or do you have any suggestions for it maybe like how can I make it better?

37:37 - Thara Ravindran
I see so if it's like a personal query or a personal some task then you you tend to be a little more human like with AI is it okay okay understand and and what is your experience so far with that? I mean it's oh I feel I be honest I just used to switch between the two things so my experiences I would say quite similar yeah similar meaning is it's like how you would talk to a human friend yeah so far you found that comparable is it something like that a bit comparable but still like I won't exactly give it like a human personification like at back of my mind I still know that it's not exactly oh it's not yeah how about uh as compared with uh I mean since you are using it professionally too you know I just wanted to see how your interaction with chatty compares with uh using say google's google's call

38:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah.

38:58 - Thara Ravindran
How do you rate? How do you count?

39:02 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So I would say, for the researchers, Google Scholar is quite good, because you can get the complete links and everything. But with GPT and Gen AI tools, it's like you get a summary as well. So I feel like it's efficient, because sometimes when you Read through all the papers, you feel like, OK, this was not actually what I was looking for. But there's no going back now. But the summaries, you can know, okay, this is not, this might not contain something which I want to look into, probe into. So you can just leave it and move on.

39:43 - Thara Ravindran
Anything else you want to add, Gitansha? Any interesting experiences you've had with HGPT or? Gemini that you want to share?

39:55 - Gitansha Aggarwal
I mean. I think.

39:59 - Thara Ravindran
OK, one of the experience I it was actually recent experience, so it was.

40:05 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So for the video generation, so I was like trying to look.

40:08 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, yeah.

40:10 - Gitansha Aggarwal
OK, so I was trying to like look for a few free versions.

40:17 - Unidentified Speaker
And I was trying to see like if the GPT, the SORA is the specialized model which can generate the videos, but I was trying to see like if GPT itself can do that or not.

40:30 - Gitansha Aggarwal
So instead of admitting sometimes that it cannot generate the video, it keeps on asking clarifying questions.

40:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, I'll start generating it. Do you want this or this? Then I'll ask for this and it will ask.

40:45 - Thara Ravindran
oh so it doesn't quite say sorry I'm I see that's what you were expecting okay so we want to be a little more humble and more open and openly admitting of its own yeah thank you just checking with you your phone number for to which the pay now will work is Yeah, yeah, correct. I want to tell you that, you know, this is my first week of data collection, and you are probably the third respondent. So I will be initiating the payments with a colleague. A colleague from my research team is handling the payment. So it might take up to two weeks, although I will be submitting sometime Friday this week. So if you don't hear from me, two weeks do drop me an email okay yeah sure okay thank you so much you have a good day



受访人36:
Gen AI Usage Interview - Zac
Tue, Oct 7, 2025

1:15 - Thara Ravindran
Hello, is that Zak?

1:18 - Thara Ravindran
Zak, I'm Tara. I'm supposed to have an interview with you at 2 today. Are you logging on?

1:25 - Thara Ravindran
Are you? I don't see you. Maybe I think... Opened up the chat of 10-15 minutes ago. Maybe you are waiting in another room. Can you see me? Close your window and then look for the meeting. Yeah, I open. Yes, thanks.

2:38 - ZK
Hi Zach.

2:40 - Thara Ravindran
Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for logging on.

2:45 - Thara Ravindran
uh not able to on the video is it uh is that all right to keep it off yeah it's okay if you do not wish to it's fine okay okay I think you have uh sent in your informed consent but just very quickly I'll brief you on uh the objectives of our interview today and uh also tell you about uh So, first, you know, this research investigates use of generative AI amongst young professionals such as you to actually investigate the pattern of use. How do you use it? And also, what effect does it have on your learning, you know, your critical thinking, and aspects such as that. So that's the objective. You probably have Read the document, so you have an idea. And thing is that we will be audio recording this. So with your permission, I'm turning the recording on.

3:59 - ZK
Yes, it's OK.

4:02 - Thara Ravindran
OK, recording is on now. OK, Zach. I have your pre-interview survey answers with me. So from time to time, I might go back to clarify certain aspects or probe on certain aspects that you have answered in this survey question. So to begin with, we'll start with a brief description of you. What is your domain? What do you do now? Can you start with that? OK, sure.

4:34 - ZK
I'm currently a post-grad, then I'm mainly doing machine learning and then trying to make AI more efficient in terms of doing a chatbot and cleaning up the data.

4:49 - Thara Ravindran
So which school are you attached to?

4:52 - ZK
I'm currently in NTU. Which school?

4:56 - Thara Ravindran
School of Humanities.

4:59 - ZK
Ah, I see.

5:03 - Thara Ravindran
All right. Um, so have you, have you had any, um, previous, uh, work experience?

5:12 - ZK
Uh, all along? Uh, because I was from business background. Um, I think AI and computer science has always been on the rise since COVID then taken up modules, learning about how to code in, um, the basic functions regarding Python and all that. So I would say I'm a basic to intermediate user.

5:40 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, I see that.

5:43 - Thara Ravindran
Can you let me know how frequently you use GenAI? Every day or x number of times a week, you know, whatever you can kind of quantify it a bit.

5:54 - ZK
I think right now it's about two to three times a week.

6:02 - Thara Ravindran
Do you have any particular tool that you use frequently or you spend time, split time between the various tools available? Can you name some of the most frequently used tools?

6:15 - ZK
The two main ones that I use now is ChatGPT. So these two are the ones that I find to use the most often. I tried DeepSignal before. It was really good until it started to be a bit unstable because of 5G.

6:33 - Unidentified Speaker
And they constantly had updates.

6:35 - ZK
So I tried to gravitate towards the former two more nowadays.

6:41 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, Chakripti and Gemini. I see that you have a paid version. Paid version of Chakripti?

6:48 - Thara Ravindran
okay okay all right okay now um you um can I ask you what purpose you use it more often uh for work or more for personal reasons or a mix of both mix of both mix of both okay okay thanks okay moving on now I'm going to ask you a few um questions which will probe your pattern of use now the questions will be based on your most frequent use scenario. Either personal or professional, or you can answer based on a little bit of both. It doesn't matter. So assuming that we are basing everything on your most used scenario, can I know your major motivation for starting on ChatGPT and Gemini? What prompted you to get started?

7:40 - ZK
I think really it's based on friends' recommendations. I was always trying to use Google and planning, brainstorming process was always very organic when it comes to, let's say, writing a report or trying to do something new. Then, I guess, ChatGPT was something very often used by the people around me.

8:06 - Unidentified Speaker
So I give it a try.

8:09 - ZK
And surprisingly, process was quite easy to navigate and then I found myself quite interested to use it nowadays because I don't have to think so much when it comes to planning and also gathering data it becomes very efficient.

8:27 - Thara Ravindran
Zach, can I also check with you, you know, you compare yourself with your peer group, would you consider yourself one of the early technology adopters? Are you one of those people who will go and try out something new that's available the very first time you hear about it? Or will you wait?

8:45 - ZK
Okay, I think this is a little bit tough to answer. I do love it, but then if it's, if let's say I need to pay for it, then I would be a bit more on the fence. So usually I'll check out the free things first.

9:00 - Thara Ravindran
So you're a bit cautious that way. If the payment is involved, then you'd rather wait for a while and then decide, right? Okay, now we're going to the use scenario. Okay, how do you use it? So to start with, you must visualize one of the tasks that you use it regularly. I was looking through your pre-interview. I see that you have used it. You have marked translation, research support and creative content, images, music. So you can base it on anyone. You can identify the one and you can then elaborate on that. Regarding your goal. So you said that you will be using it for, let's say, your academic research support or this creative content creation.

9:51 - Thara Ravindran
What are you looking for from ChakGPT? What is your primary goal in going to ChakGPT with that task?

9:59 - ZK
I think for the particular task, when it comes to academic, I think ChatGPT is a great tool in terms of helping me understand cultural context. So there are a lot of content which I'm not exposed to, such as the history of a nation and the cultural context of a certain country that I'm not fully exposed to. So whenever I need to gather background data, I can use GPT to help me understand better.

10:34 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, okay. So in this case, can you give me an example of a query that you will run through CharityBT?

10:44 - ZK
Sure, so for example, I want to know which countries have been colonized and when colonization was successful. So that was one I tried to test it and then the result came out pretty, pretty incredible.

11:03 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, okay. You find the answers better than what you would get from Google?

11:09 - ZK
I actually tried Google beforehand.

11:12 - Thara Ravindran
There were a lot of results I needed to do one by one to proof check and see if it's what I need.

11:18 - ZK
But with GPT it kind of gives me a summary and then immediately it tells me okay so which is the one that I want to go for and then I can prompt it better. And then in the end, you can actually finalize a result page that gives me the answer I need.

11:35 - Thara Ravindran
That's right, yeah. I think that makes it unique, yeah. So in this question, I think it's a simple enough task. But if, let's say, you had a slightly more complex task for CharTPT, are you in the habit of breaking it up into small parts and then feeding it little by little? Or would you, like, type everything out in a large complex prompt and feed it straight away?

12:00 - ZK
I usually start with a simple one. I actually, I tried both scenarios before that when I did a very concise and detailed task, it kind of still gives me the, it was still at step one. So I needed to train it.

12:17 - Thara Ravindran
So then from then on, I started to feed it smaller tasks and then kind of eats Okay, so that's your experience with... Okay, so the partitioning gives you better results, yeah. Okay, are you of the opinion that the generative way in this case, chart GPT does better in certain types of tasks than the others?

12:40 - ZK
Oh yes, definitely.

12:42 - Thara Ravindran
What will they be? I think it does very well.

12:45 - ZK
Okay, GPT is very good for general questions. So anything under the sun that you want to find out, you can use Gemini. Gemini is more for academic work. Then if you want to gather research, you want to form a system, you use Gemini.

13:04 - Thara Ravindran
So you sort of figured out that each one has its unique strength, you use accordingly here.

13:13 - Thara Ravindran
So you know, in some of the tasks that you assigned to the Gen AI, Can you identify some aspects of the task that the AI does very well, as well as some that they do poorly?

13:33 - ZK
Okay, I think GPT does well for anything, both complex. So if you were to ask it questions, let's say if you want to...

13:48 - ZK
biology of insects or something that's more informative. I think it can surely give you the answer. The things that it does not do so well is maybe for creative content, for example, art and music. So those are the ones that I tried before and I didn't get a good answer.

14:09 - Thara Ravindran
So you would rate the fact-based kind of tasks better, easier for AI than creative content creation. Okay, moving on. Now, you know, because you know this already, now you have this notion that it does well when it's fact-based, but it's not so good when it's like very open-ended and very creative and all that. So, you have this in mind when you generate your prompts for chat GPT, I presume?

14:46 - ZK
You keep it in mind?

14:48 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, most of the time.

14:52 - ZK
You avoid asking certain questions because of this? I think so far, not yet.

15:00 - Thara Ravindran
No, not yet. Are you in the habit of assigning like some to tangibility for them to give you like a more better, you know, better quality outputs. For example, let's say, you know, take the role of or an assessor and then evaluate my essay, you know, something like that. Are you in the habit of doing that?

15:27 - ZK
I think this is a quite interesting standpoint.

15:29 - Unidentified Speaker
I have actually tried that before.

15:37 - Thara Ravindran
OK, I'm just checking. So you generally wouldn't do that. Going on, the question is about some of the tasks that you mentioned. There may be some that is totally unfamiliar to you, as in you really have no background knowledge of something, and then you go to chat GPT to help. To get some help from JNAI.

16:05 - Thara Ravindran
How do you handle that? How will you start in this instance? Because you don't really know much about whatever that task is. So if it's like a completely unknown territory, how will you start with this LGBT?

16:23 - ZK
Actually, I'll just start with the main topic that I want to find out and then see how we navigate from there.

16:32 - Unidentified Speaker
So you will broadly give the topic, see what it returns, and take it from there.

16:36 - Thara Ravindran
Am I right?

16:38 - ZK
Okay, so unfamiliar tasks.

16:42 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, Zach, in terms of your formal training, you have indicated that you have no formal training, right? You're self-taught, right?

16:55 - ZK
Primarily self-taught.

16:58 - Thara Ravindran
So can I know a little bit about, um, how did you go about YouTube videos? I mean, do you have any resources that you use?

17:06 - ZK
Uh, YouTube has a great selection of videos watched before. And then I've also taken informal courses before regarding Python.

17:20 - ZK
So all this helps me understand code better.

17:25 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, true, true.

17:28 - Thara Ravindran
Moving on, we are going into the aspect of credibility, which is trust. My question would be, what was your initial level of trust in AI before you started use? And how did this trust evolve after you started using it?

17:47 - ZK
Can you give me a percentage?

17:53 - ZK
I'm really more on the neutral side.

17:59 - Unidentified Speaker
It's kind of a novel concept that is rising these few years.

18:04 - ZK
It hasn't been around maybe the past one or two decades. So it's only, I do think that my percentage is maybe I'm more positive to trying out new technologies such as this, but also I don't think it's really high performing to a point whereby it can be the main choice when it comes to doing something. And then I don't think at all when I use GPT, I don't think that's the case yet.

18:43 - Thara Ravindran
So this 60% has been, you maintain that trust throughout, is it? There has been no change in, Did I say that?

18:52 - ZK
More or less, 60%.

18:53 - Thara Ravindran
More or less? You maintained that.

18:59 - Thara Ravindran
Now, the next question is about your checking and validating what ChartGPT says. You said you will type a query and you get some answers. How often do you go back and verify or validate what ChartGPT said? When do you do it, if you do it?

19:19 - ZK
I usually fact check if it prompts me a link. So I usually click and open to see what is it about. And then because sometimes it just gives me a maybe a non-governmental source. Then I would be a little bit thinking of whether it's truthful or not. Or if it happens to be an informal article from an unknown source, then I could actually open other tabs to check whether what is it being shown on the screen is truthful.

20:00 - Thara Ravindran
I see, okay. Are you in the habit of providing some instruction like certain titles, databases or certain dates or version, et cetera, for some parameters to change GPT to restrict its search and the output that it provides. Do you guide there?

20:24 - ZK
Yeah, I think I've done that before because it started, there was one time I wanted to find out about maybe social media influencers, how do they operate and then actually how do they build their following. So I think when I inserted this prompt earlier, lot of pages that were from unknown sources popped up.

20:46 - Unidentified Speaker
And then I think that was more concrete and published.

20:51 - ZK
So I tried to block out all the blogger or WordPress websites.

21:01 - Thara Ravindran
And doing this, do you think that it helped to have more confidence in the output you got?

21:08 - ZK
Yes, I think it better refined it.

21:12 - Thara Ravindran
Now, two things. One is, have you had the experience of a gen AI coming back to you with an answer and saying that it doesn't have very high confidence? You know, I'm not so sure, but maybe, you know, did it ever sound unsure of its answers to you in your experience?

21:35 - ZK
I think so far my experience has been it will always provide you with an answer. The thing that comes to mind would be whether it's satisfactory or not. So in one case whereby I tried to give it samples of artwork whereby I wanted it to generate similar content and then what I got was very And the kind of maybe pictures that showed up were not what I had in mind at all. Even if I send in the same photos again, it will still give me the same output.

22:13 - Thara Ravindran
I see. Okay, okay. So yeah, now we're going to go into, you know, when you interaction with the Jatipati, the coordination that happens. So one of the things that emerges from what you're telling me is that there's a little bit of iteration, right? The process is a little iterative. You say something, you ask something, it gives you something back, and then you kind of refine it, or you take it from there, you know, probe, dive deeper, whatever. Can you give me an overall description of this process, this iterative process? Do you start, like, I think you already mentioned that you start with a small component first, right?

22:59 - Thara Ravindran
How many iterations of back-and-forth will you have with DPD before you get something that you can work with? I would say about 5 to 10. I see. I guess it also depends on what you are saying, right?

23:19 - Thara Ravindran
Are giving like Control gates are like you say things like, you know, instructing Gen-AI not to proceed unless some things are validated and, you know, until I give you the okay, do not proceed, stop and that sort of thing. Are you in the habit of doing that? I guess only at the final stage, whereby I don't require anything else, then I will stop it. I see, I see. So, do you ask Chargivity to summarize lock the scope or lock the sources and lock the assumptions before start carrying on?

24:01 - ZK
I think not so far. Once I see the content that I need, then I will actually stop typing and then leave it as it is.

24:09 - Thara Ravindran
Have you had any contradictions from Chattopadhyay so far or hallucinations?

24:20 - ZK
Not that I know.

24:22 - Thara Ravindran
Oh, okay. When do you make your decision about stopping the interaction?

24:28 - ZK
Once I get the information that I seek.

24:31 - Thara Ravindran
So it's something that matches your expectation and then at that point you decide that that's it, huh?

24:40 - Thara Ravindran
Also, Seth, are you in the habit of using versions and changelog like do you keep your prompts and then edit, you know, then keep different versions to check to kind of double verify whether Chattopadhyay is consistently systematic, you know, it's consistent in its output and not contradicting or confusing itself and so on.

25:02 - ZK
I think it really changes all the time and even if I type two Yes, that's true.

25:20 - ZK
Hello, Zach, I think I lost you for a little while. Yeah, I'm still online.

25:26 - Thara Ravindran
I think the voice faded. OK, OK, moving on to the next section, which is on how the use impacts you. So this section where I'll have a few probes on that. So since you started using these Gen AI tools for work, what kind of changes have you noticed in your work? Whether it is in terms of, it could be like some personal skills that you developed or it could be in terms of efficiency, you know, you're doing more things, you're doing faster, whatever it may be. What are your comments on that?

26:03 - ZK
I guess AI has helped me to give very good answers but sometimes it will come across too perfect. And then I do need to humanize it a bit more in a sense that it's relatable. So I guess this is the key towards using AI-generated answers.

26:25 - Thara Ravindran
Any example you can share with me where it gave you something and it affected something you did, something you had to do with that result in a good way, not so good way in whatever ways you know just to illustrate this impact so actually I have written papers before reports I try to send it into the system just to help me paraphrase and refine it better so in a way it can correct any grammar mistakes I have also but I think sometimes the gpt gives me another version of what I changes the meaning of certain...

27:08 - ZK
Oh, that's a problem. You need to still vet through, even if it looks good.

27:17 - Thara Ravindran
Do you find yourself relying too much on JNI? Is that a concern for you?

27:22 - ZK
I think it does well for smaller passages. If you keep maybe an essay or a long-form text, it will not use for a long time.

27:38 - Thara Ravindran
You don't really have a concern about you being too dependent on this tool, do you?

27:46 - ZK
I think there's a fine line to everything. It's a good tool, but it's not 100% foolproof.

27:53 - Thara Ravindran
At this point in time, I think you are safe, as in you don't really depend too much on it.

28:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Can I say that?

28:04 - ZK
Yes, I think I can.

28:06 - Thara Ravindran
Yeah, but it's something that can't happen, right? It's something that people can get used to this.

28:13 - ZK
Then I think whether or not I'm addicted to using it.

28:17 - Thara Ravindran
I meant that, yeah. In a way, it's a civilized. Okay, now the next part is on a few things. One is, what are your major concerns in using Chattopadhyay One? Can start with that then I will move on to the other parts.

28:39 - ZK
Major concerns may be the fact-checking portion. Try not to really believe everything that I see and then also it from point to time, time to time I always try to factor check it through Google.

28:59 - Thara Ravindran
Really I think the concern is on the content itself. If you want to like create a wish list, just note down let's say three major improvements or breakthrough improvements you want to see in this tool in future. What will they be?

29:23 - ZK
I guess invention of content and things that have have not been discovered yet will be GPT can, or AI in general, can help with this.

29:41 - Thara Ravindran
Any other?

29:41 - ZK
I guess it's mainly this.

29:45 - Thara Ravindran
What about data privacy, the copyright, that kind of issues? Have you thought about it? Does it concern you?

29:55 - ZK
I mean, I usually don't have a criminal mind, but I guess it can be also exploited for this purpose.

30:04 - Thara Ravindran
Do it will affect your cognitive abilities? I mean, generally speaking, I don't mean you personally, but do you think this kind of tool, you know, actually impact on kind of diminish cognitive capabilities?

30:19 - ZK
I guess if I was a younger kid using it, it will definitely impact.

30:27 - ZK
Now that I'm a grown I don't think it's so much because that mindset of thinking this is just another toy to play with.

30:39 - ZK
A younger person were to use this and they can be overly reliant on it. Unless they don't know anything, they just go to it. And then it's kind of a problem solver. So in a way they are not that equipped with resilience. When it comes to solving problems.

31:04 - Thara Ravindran
I think we are almost done. The last question is, you know you've been using this for a while now, how long have you been using since when? Can you roughly retrace your beginning?

31:14 - ZK
Beginning, I think I started two to three years ago.

31:17 - Thara Ravindran
So if you want to like provide three top for someone who has not yet been initiated into a journey, what will the advice be? The top advice.

31:35 - ZK
You

31:42 - Thara Ravindran
Don't be too trustful.

31:44 - ZK
Always go in with a motive in mind. Don't believe everything that you see. Generated from GPT.

31:53 - Thara Ravindran
Yes, yeah. That's kind of much needed advice for many. Okay, your self-efficacy is good. Your trust is also quite positive. You don't have any anxiety while using. In terms critical thinking, your cognition, you seem to actually enjoy challenging cognitive tasks.

32:26 - ZK
You notice? Oh yes, I do. Yeah, yeah.

32:30 - Thara Ravindran
Also algorithm aversion, you do agree that there are some aspects of AI that make you kind of nervous, but you still would give it a chance, I presume. So this, like we call it as healthy skepticism kind of thing. While collaborating, do you treat this tool as a human almost?

32:56 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, you kind of said, in my work, I consider Gen AI to be more of a creative partner than a tool, you know? You kind of said, agreed. So does it mean like, you kind of treat this as a partner?

33:09 - ZK
Like, you know, you can sound out ideas, Yes, because I am a worm by nature, so I can help as a live encyclopedia, something like a reference book, but just in the form of a computer screen software program.

33:30 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, okay. Then how about the sense of control? Do you feel the sense of control or do you think the chat GPT kind of leads you through this interaction?

33:48 - ZK
Usually, I try to be one in control.

33:55 - ZK
But I think whenever it wants to suggest me a lot of content, I try to say, because I don't want to be too information and then get very sidetracked.

34:08 - Thara Ravindran
So you do have a habit of somehow bringing the control back over to you and it kind of runs away with something.

34:18 - Thara Ravindran
I think, yeah, I mean, come to the close. You've indicated that you are okay with participating in our experimental components. So chances are that I, you know, if you're shortlisted, I mean, it's a small, smaller subset of those we are interviewing, but there's a chance that I might see you again. Can I check your phone number? I just used to call you on this number, 6499. Sorry, And that's your PayNow number, right?

34:49 - ZK
Yes, link to PayNow. Link to PayNow.

34:52 - Thara Ravindran
Okay, thanks a lot, Zach. We've come to the end of our interview. And thanks for your candid sharing and all that. Anything else you want to add?

35:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Anecdote, any experience you've had with Genii tools?

35:08 - ZK
I think so far the experience has been positive. Know, I believe can be further improved to help a lot of things.

35:17 - Unidentified Speaker
So thank you.

35:22 - Thara Ravindran
No, Zach, your payment will come from my colleague who handles the, you know, the incentive thing. It's supposed to be two weeks, I'll be submitting the once I completed tomorrow. You don't hear anything in two weeks, please drop me an email.

35:39 - ZK
OK, sure. Thanks a lot, Zak.

35:40 - Thara Ravindran
You have a good day. Thank you. OK, bye.


受访人37:
2025-10-14 16:18:14 CST|38min 21s

Keywords:
few times、other questions、good time、other parts、few questions、several times、many times、first time、other person、other task、other context、technology adoption、AI instruction、AI answer、several questions、other people、certain part、longer time

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Yeah, we're recording. Okay, so I have different section. So, you know, I'll guide you through and sometimes I may have to refer back to your pre interview to probe on certain aspects that so that's something sure to start with, you know, you can probably give me a brief description of yourself. What is your domain? What do you do currently? Okay, you can talk about that. And I all, I'm also keen to find out when compared to your peer group, the other people in your group in terms of technology adoption, will you consider yourself as one of those who will jump in the very first time? Or will you like wait for some people to go in first, get some feedback and then plunging. So yeah, so you can start with what do you do in your background and.

Speaker 2 00:57 
Okay, hi, Prof Tara. I'm Apria. I'm currently an MBA candidate at Nanyang Technological University. I have three years of full time working experience before, and I do graduate from an electrical engineering de bachelor degree. And about the technology adoptions, I would say that I'm someone who will wait for people to give me feedback, like the reviews, like whether this, the AI, is it accurate or is just a tool. And actually I do use AI pretty late compare to my friends. I only use it like around this year, I would say. And I start subscribe on August and I start using it heavily due to the academic purposes.

Speaker 1 01:54 
Okay. Okay. So you're one of those cautious adopters. So you have an electrical engineering background and now you're doing a management degree, right? NBA. Okay, great. Okay, moving on. You mentioned that you have a subscription. So I wanna know, you know, which of the gen AI tools, there's so many available, which one, so are you using regularly? Okay, so whatever questions I ask LA later on, you can base it on this most useful, whichever that may be, Jenny, I or Gemini or Chloro, whichever one. Okay, then another thing is how, what is your frequency of use like, so you start, you said you started late, early this year and you subscribed in September. So in terms of how frequently you use in one week, how many times do you think?

Speaker 2 02:42 
Okay, so the tool that I'm using is Gen AI chgbd. I used to like, when I'm not subscribing, I used to use like both Jenny and Gemini. But now since I have subscribed to Jenni, so I stop using the other options. And I do compare bit like between Jen AI and jam and I as well. And I feel like Jen and I actually has a more accurate response. And for now, like after I subscribe, how often I use, I would say that I use it heavily, like every day.

Speaker 1 03:19 
3 day. Yeah, every day. Okay, okay. Alright. I feel the, you know, the, so assuming that you're using ChatGPT on your, as your regular Jenny I tool LA, and mostly for your work as your MBA student, right? Yes. Okay. So I've, I'm more interested to now find out what kind of tasks do you collaborate with Jenny I for so the you can give me some examples, maybe one or two commonly used scenario. And then later on when we go into other questions, all these questions, you can base it on that commonly used scenario.

Speaker 2 03:57 
Yeah, yeah, sure. I use it in a lot of purposes. Like I just learn about Dolly. If you know about it, we have this marketing task and my friends is teaching me how to generate a great graphic design pictures. Actually, I think Jenni is doing a very good job. Like I can do rebranding for a logo in a split, I would say, 30 seconds. And it has done. And the second thing is when I was studying for my quiz, I do find some questions that I don't understand at all. And I just screenshot it and put it on Jenny. I and they do explain me all of the concept and as well as like teach me all of the step by step. And also sometimes I don't know how to do it on Excel. They will help me generate all the formula needed, like which column I would need. And I also do ask Jenny to put me. Some graphs, the consulting start 2*2 metrics, and lastly, the function that I use most heavily is to ask Jenny to fix my grammar because English is not my first language, so I still struggle with the grammar.

Speaker 1 05:20 
Okay, so mostly I see that you use it for your writing your assessments like quiz to generate the graphics and so on. And you find it easy. Okay, now going on now what we're gonna do is I'm gonna go probing to the. How do you use spot? Okay, so we have a few questions there, a set. So questions right there. So to start with, you know, you started using it, you told me sometime early this year. What was your initial goal? I mean, what is the motivation for you to get start? I know you were prompted by your friends. So what was the immediate push for you to go in? Okay, I'm gonna start using this.

Speaker 2 06:06 
I early this year, I still work in my company. So my company usually block all of the AI for options. Yeah, but earlier this year, they started to build our own company AI. They collab, they subscribe to co pilot. So the first AI tool that I'm using is co pilot. So it's because like all of my friends and my mentor are using the co pilot and they find it very helpful to refine our code because I was in as a test engineer, we do code a lot. And after learning about how to use Code Pilot, I started to be interested in AI as well, like how useful they're. But I think earlier this year, all of this AI tool is not as advanced as today. So I still have that hesitations where when I use AI earlier this year, especially co pilot, but now I think they they improve they update they their technology very fast. So now I'm in the state of 90% or 80% trust AI reason I think.

Speaker 1 07:24 
So you have had good experiences with the AI after the new generation shut down new versions, right?

Speaker 2 07:33 
5, I would say.

Speaker 1 07:35 
So this co pilot, you dabbling with your co pilot as a test engineer with roughly which year was this?

Speaker 2 07:42 
This year.

Speaker 1 07:43 
So early this year, January. Okay, so what did, again, we're going into the how again, you know, so you told me what motivated you and let's start look at the path, turn the views. So I want to know if let's say you decide that today there's a task that you wanna collaborate with Jenny, I for, you know, how do you get started? Do you, is there like a preparation? Do you do something prior to starting the session with Jenny? I.

Speaker 2 08:19 
Actually, I think the quality of AI answer depends on how well, how detail you're writing on your prompt. So before collaborate with AI, I do need to have the full picture of what are the results that I, one, the key takeaway that I want, like which part, which content I wanna AI to help me.

Speaker 2 08:43 
So let's start with like lay out of all of the context first. Oh, this is a finance. And then the material, the topic is about this. And then I want to learn particularly about this. Can you explain me step by step, like what are the output? And let's say I'm using it for designing a Powerpoint deck.

Speaker 2 09:13 
I would say that, oh, this is the context that I want. I have write the draft already. I put it on the prom, but I told AI too, can you help me do it in a consulting style and help me do more deeper research regarding and do quality check for my writings and the logical flows, whether it goes well or not.

Speaker 1 09:40 
So I guess you provide the context first. Yeah, and then you provide the question and you take it from there, right? Do you have a habit of, let's say one of the task that you want to collaborate is a little complex. So will you then partition or break it to smaller parts for AI only provided the thing first?

Speaker 2 10:00 
Usually, I always put everything first. And if I feel like AI is like, I sometimes do put 5 questions at in the same problem, I do feel like AI sometimes do miss several questions. So I do re prom again like, oh, you're missing this question. Thank you. So.

Speaker 1 10:20 
That's how you work LA. And you notice that it does miss some of the stuff that you put in your initial prompt. Okay. You know, so when you provide this prompts, okay, do you have any idea or any notion there, Jenny? I is very good with certain things, but not so good at other parts.

Speaker 2 10:46 
Okay, Gen AI is really good at all of the basic calculations. I would say the finance accounting calculation, they do it really well, but they're really bad at, I would say, about plotting graph, sorry here, plotting graph.

Speaker 1 11:08 
So I see you have not had good results with that.

Speaker 2 11:11 
About like, I still need to do it myself. Like sometimes I do ask Jedi to generate a simple slide or deck. Like most of the time when you prompt something, like I ask them to do a consulting style content, but Jenny always offer help to, oh, do you want me to help you generate a deck? When I said yes, the deck doesn't shows really good. It's still very ugly. And yeah, I would say that I cannot use the file. And I sometimes also like ask Jenni to help me do the formula and they do ask me back like, do you want me to create the Excel with the formula ready? When I download it, the Excel just error and all of the weird codes. I think that side of part that still need improvements.

Speaker 1 12:06 
Okay, so yeah, experience, it's like it volunteers to blow things, but it actually doesn't give you very moderate. I see. Okay, okay. So you mention to me that there are some task that it's good at, but there are some that it doesn't do very well, right? So do you, I mean, I presume then you have this knowledge in your, at the back of your head when you develop your prompt for the Jenny you you do or do you still go ahead and ask even though you know it's not so good at certain things, you still, you know, prompted to do it just to test it out or something like that. Do you do that?

Speaker 2 12:44 
I still ask AI to double check.

Speaker 1 12:49 
Okay. Okay. And now I think earlier on in your answer, you mention something about asking for certain styles, like consulting styles and so on, to do some work right now. The next question is about whether you assign any role to AI while asking them to do task for you. For example, let's say, you know, you have an essay and you're sort of running it through ChatGPT. Will you then say, assuming that you're the marker of this assignment, how will you rate? Have you ever tried that assigning role to is any.

Speaker 2 13:26 
I have tried assigning role, but it's not as the third party, but it's to be me. Like, oh, let's say that you're going for an interviews of for this company, how would you react if you're being asked with these questions? And I do send AI my resume and cover letter. Oh, let's let AI to pretend to be me and oh.

Speaker 1 13:48 
Interesting. Okay. It's more like a reverse role. You asking the Jenny I to be you based on your recipe and.

Speaker 2 13:56 
I'm the interviewer. So we do it.

Speaker 1 13:58 
Right? Okay. Okay. So that's how you work with it. Regarding the roller, okay, if let's say, you know, some of the task that you ask ChatGPT, you have no basic information. Like you're very clueless about that. If s, if that's the case, how we use that.

Speaker 2 14:19 
And no prior knowledge. Most of the cases are I, I in an MBA program, we do have like, we need to read a lot of cases like Harvard Business cases and it has around, it's very long, like around 20 to 50 ish page. So usually I just throw there is a document so AI to help me summarize it. I think that's all. And I do not reread the case. I just fully trust it. You use.

Speaker 1 14:49 
That summarization from Jenny. I, and in your experience so far, have you, you know, like had good experience? Ends with this, following the summary from Jenny. I, without reading the case, have you found it quite okay to do that? I think idea difficulty.

Speaker 2 15:09 
Due to the time limit. I just accept it. But I accepted it. Yeah, I know there's, they're missing a lot of detail tells. And oh, there's another cases where I do throw several chapters of books to AI and ask them to help me summarize it, but the reader doesn't come as what I want. If it is about cases, I think AI can do it reminder. But for like a finance or a like a heavy textbook, they still cannot do it because all of the formulas and a lot of charges that these are the capability that AI is still like lacking.

Speaker 1 15:48 
Yeah, I think you make it right. Thank you. Okay, now. Oh, fine. I'm not sure. Okay, moving on to the trust. I think you mention to me that your trust kind of went up, right? So before you got started, you know, so before when you hear about this generative AI tools and at that point we before you start using it, what was your dress trust level and how did it kind of improve over the overtime with use? Improve or decline?

Speaker 2 16:28 
Initially, why I don't really trust AI is because I don't think that the, I don't have the need, I would say, because I haven't come to like school and like doing my job. I think I still believe my mentor and myself will much better. But if I went to school, like everyone is using AI, like I don't have other choices, then yeah, following the trend. And I would say that, eh, I do really helps me about it. And about the trust. Actually, I do ask AI to help me solve 10 questions and it gets like one or two questions wrong. So that's why initially I don't really trust AI. But as what I've said before, like after the AI do improvements, releasing the new versions, I think the accuracy went out. And now I don't really like, I don't have any trust issue for the AI.

Speaker 1 17:31 
So the initial trust level, where would you put the initial trust level? You wanna give a rough percentage before use?

Speaker 2 17:39 
Before using, I would say like sixty.

Speaker 1 17:43 
60%. And it has gone up to close 200 now.

Speaker 2 17:47 
Yeah, I still 80. I still double check my work.

Speaker 1 17:51 
Of course. Okay. Okay. So about 18 hour now, you know, have you had any experience with the generative AI asking you for more clarification. So you, you fed the, you told me that you try to start with by giving all of the information possible, right? You type everything that you need to type and as you progress with the interaction, is there any time when Jenny, I will tell you, okay, I need more information? Or is it, you know, it's not some clarification. Is this what you meant? Do you have that experience?

Speaker 2 18:30 
Do it happen several times, especially when you're generating a graphic design. So I do ask AI, can you help me generate a character of like Keith, like 5 years old and everything? But AI, you do ask me back a question like which country is this kid coming from and what are the hairstyle, the skin tone color and I do provide them provide AI, the the one the all of his questions required and they do come with a very detail picture, I would say.

Speaker 1 19:04 
So it does prove you in that sense. Okay, how about the AI answers? Have you ever experienced the AI answering with some uncertainty saying, oh, I'm not so sure, but maybe this is what you're looking for?

Speaker 2 19:18 
Yes, especially when I was giving less context, like I was asking what is beta, but I'm not saying that beta is like in the finance or what are the context and but AI to put all of the beta definitions in all of the context. I find this and he would, AI would be saying like, I'm not sure which context you're, but I'm providing all of this context. Can you please let me know that which one that are looking for? I think that.

Speaker 1 19:52 
Okay, okay. And so rather than sounding unsure, it is sort of giving you every.

Speaker 2 19:57 
Possible. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1 19:59 
Are you scenario? Down. Okay. Okay. And how about, you know, this iteration that you were telling me, right? You give a lot of information first, and then you, the interaction will continue. So it's a, it repeats a few times, right back and forth. So in a typical task that you just mention, on an average, I know it, this varies with the type of task you're doing, but on an average, how many times do you think you look with gen AI before stopping or ending?

Speaker 2 20:32 
I would say.

Speaker 1 20:34 
5 times on an average fact. That's okay. Do you apply any criteria for Jenny? I do like a stop check and then do this before proceeding. Do you apply that?

Speaker 2 20:51 
I never said stop, but it's more like I'm giving more context. Oh, you should follow this criteria. Instead of entity.

Speaker 1 20:59 
You don't say okay until I tell you do not go in or you don't, you don't, I don't know. Okay. Us. And I know that you do use Jenny I a lot for summarizing case study, right? So generally speaking, if let's say it's not a case study, but some other task, at the end, do you still ask Jenny I to summarize what it said just to check your understanding or something like that.

Speaker 2 21:25 
For other task, I don't ask for summarization. I would say that explain me like I'm 5. If I, I if I don't really get what are the.

Speaker 1 21:36 
Okay, okay, okay. How about experiences with AI contradicting itself? It said something and then it's sort of confuse you by saying something totally the opposite. Have you had that kind of experiences, contradictions?

Speaker 2 21:51 
No, I have never.

Speaker 1 21:53 
Try our AI hallucinations. You've heard of her AI hallucinating, giving you erroneous results and so on. So have you had that?

Speaker 2 22:01 
I had it in on Gemini, actually.

Speaker 1 22:06 
Okay. Okay. But it's not something that common. Okay. Another thing is, April, when you use Jenny, I, let's say for some task repetitively, let's say like this happens on a weekly basis or every few days, you have to repeat the task. Do you keep track of the questions, the prompts, and then edit the prompt and to just to save time and type a? Do you do that?

Speaker 2 22:35 
I do keep several like they have the target template. Yeah, like I do go, I do frame it like for base on the task if it is a recurring one, I do keep the history. I don't overlapping with other context. So AI would have a better track record of everything and it does save my time as well. Like, eh, I still remember of the chat history and I don't need to repeat myself, but sometimes it, if it gets too old, AI would ask me to resend attachment or the context as well.

Speaker 1 23:13 
Do you keep versions of the Jenny I answers and your questions and capture to track changes and to make sure that your revisions are accurate.

Speaker 2 23:25 
Yes, every time AI is through me context, I would edit it and I would ask AI to. No, don't change anything, just fix like, yeah, I think.

Speaker 1 23:37 
Okay, I'm going into the last few sections in this. First, I have to take you through the effects of using Jenny I on whatever the work that you do. Okay, so the first question is, have you actually experience any difference, any noticeable difference in the way you work after you started using Jenny?

Speaker 2 24:00 
In the way I work, I would say that I've become more efficient. Does it only s me or I observe my friends as.

Speaker 1 24:12 
Well? I, this is more about your work style, you know, and your personal, you know, for example, let's say I, I to, to just to give you an example, one of the, my respondent said that he found it, he can really remember what I mean earlier when he was using YouTube or a Google Scholar, he could remember what concepts he clarified. Like he had some memory. But with Jenny, I, he doesn't seem to remember that much.

Speaker 2 24:39 
Oh, for me, maybe I'm a late adopter. I think I haven't reached that stage yet. Yeah, I still am very detail oriented. I just think that AI do make me more efficients in terms of doing my work. Because I still review everything that. May I have thrown to me?

Speaker 1 25:04 
Okay. So in that sense, you're still kind of okay, I guess.

Speaker 2 25:14 
Maybe I just use it for a few months as.

Speaker 1 25:17 
Well. Yeah, to, eh, okay. Has it been a time when Jenny, I kind of made a huge difference to your final output or your decision or, you know, you know, the submission that you're making out of it. Maybe, you know, do you think, you know, like, did you find like, wow, you know, with Jenny, I now I have something so much better. Have you experience it?

Speaker 2 25:42 
Yes, I would say it helps you feel like it's not your working like it was too fancy to be. Yeah, like I feel like the results, I don't really submit the fancy result from AI because I feel like that's not me. And I would ask AI very to repromise, like to regenerate it, like please make it more simple and human, like SMB to AI and it do simplify the answer. So I don't want to submit something that is too good to be true.

Speaker 1 26:25 
As well. I see. So you tend to not use something that doesn't sound like you. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2 26:34 
Get right all of the research that is too detail of that, like reading several papers, I wouldn't submit.

Speaker 1 26:40 
It. Yeah, so you make you rather go with something a bit more simpler than what it's arena. How about your dependence on Jenny? I know you're a later doctors and you just mention that you probably are not so over dependent. So with this question is on reliance, how deeply do you find yourself depending too much on it ever, you know, you think you're still okay.

Speaker 2 27:05 
I think now I can't really live without AI. Yeah, it helps a lot with the brainstorming process. I would. I see. Oh, I mean, I think AI part in my studies is more, much more about the brainstorming because I do, I usually find friends to help me brainstorm, but we waste a lot of time and sometimes we act together. But with AI, everything can fix and all of the idea can come within split of seconds. I would say that that's the.

Speaker 1 27:41 
That's very interesting. Okay, now that you mention this kind of interaction, you're saying that it is very good with a brainstorming. Okay, I'm gonna ask you whether when you collaborate with Jenny, I do you get a semblance of feeling that you're actually partnering with more or less like a human system.

Speaker 2 28:02 
I still think AI as a like a technology.

Speaker 1 28:07 
Woman.

Speaker 2 28:08 
Oh, but sometimes when I feel very down in my personal affairs, I do. I do like, I only did it once because I know a lot of people try to have a hard to hard conversation with AI.

Speaker 1 28:23 
Yeah, they do.

Speaker 2 28:23 
It. I do it once when I just like having a heartbreak. I do telling all of the contact AI, all of the context. But yeah, I don't think that's helpful because I feel like I need to go to the psychology psychiatry.

Speaker 1 28:41 
So, but you check it out. You, you, yeah.

Speaker 2 28:43 
I do check and I do ask about like all of, if I'm sick, all of the symptoms and what happens to me. AI do offer all of the medicine advice, but now I've seen AI have improve, has improve on their disclaimer. Like I do say that, oh, we I s please take a medical doctor. These are not the official instructions because before AI do not put this kind of that claimer and I would say good time, good point.

Speaker 1 29:14 
A little bit more better in that sense. It's sort of once you about the dangers of using the answers without consulting.

Speaker 2 29:22 
But consulting about medical advices. I would say that AI done a really good job like the AI instruction and that is in instruction is very similar.

Speaker 1 29:33 
I see. Well, that's interesting also. Okay. Okay. And now we're kind of coming to that last button in the last part. A few types of question. One is regarding what are the concerns or challenges you have while using Jenny? I, what do you, eh, you feel any concerns? What will the concerns be?

Speaker 2 29:56 
I'm afraid that I'm become more lazy and yeah. Oh, I don't train my brand well.

Speaker 1 30:02 
Do you think that I see.

Speaker 2 30:04 
Because all of the brainstorming are the is the hardest part. Yeah, true. If AI can do everything, I really scared about it. And now AI is getting more advanced and us even a very hard like curic courses, like finance, heavy course, like finance cases that has 10 pages, AI can solve it really well. So that to concern you, like what if AI like replace everything? Like do people still need to learn finance? Like we need few months to excel in these topics, but AI can just solve it within like 1 minute maximum. And that tho that are our concern as well, like how would it impact the job market and impact on our brain as well? As we don't use it too much, we don't practice too much, it will get worse.

Speaker 1 31:06 
I think it's a valid concern, like shared by many young people that how it impacts on your own development, personal professional development and your job market. Okay. You know, if let's say you could just wish for any improvement in AI without any concern about technological constraints, what will you ask for your wish list for future AI? What do you like to see there.

Speaker 2 31:35 
For future AI? At least first, like summarize the textbook.

Speaker 1 31:43 
Oh, textbook. Okay.

Speaker 2 31:44 
Yeah, textbook summarizations because I had like 1,000 PA pages on chat group and sometimes you need to finish it within two months. And I'd say that AI should do well on that. And as well as the graphic design and video editing as well.

Speaker 1 32:01 
Okay, so these are the capabilities you like to see. Yeah, now, you know, I pray you've been using you like paid version since August, September, and it looks like you've been using it quite heavily cuz you told me that you can't imagine working without it. So if you want to provide an, eh, maybe couple of advice to somebody who has na not started with air but want to start, what will you give them? What advice will you give these people?

Speaker 2 32:34 
I think everyone should follow technological advancement or you will be lagging. Yeah, yeah, I think that's all. And you wouldn't perform as better as it cannot catch up with all of your peers. You're not adopting the technology. I think that these are the.

Speaker 1 32:54 
So your advice would be encouraging them to start using. Okay, okay. Okay. So that's the almost the end. So let me just probe you on some aspects of your reinterview free survey, interview survey. I think most of the questions you have answer based on what we expect. Like for example, your trust is kind of high, your self efficacy is also high. You, you have you, you have, they do not seem to have much of anxiety using AI, right? Because you've answered that you disagree. You don't feel uneasy, no tension. And, but you do say that you worry that sometimes you may not be in control when you're using 10 AI. Why do you think? Yeah, you feel it kind of runs away with your task sometimes you're led by Jenny. I. What makes you say that?

Speaker 2 34:00 
You mean like in control?

Speaker 1 34:02 
Yes.

Speaker 2 34:04 
Sometimes, eh, I don't really get my point as well. Like I try to control the answer, but every time I ask AI to revise, it doesn't come up with the one that I want. So I still need to do it myself. It's like how, no matter how many prompts on how many times I do ask AI to fix this certain part, but they, they just like they, it just rephrase all of a AI's previous answer, not the one that I want.

Speaker 1 34:41 
Not the way you want it. Okay. You, you know, you're like cognition related questions, I think you have answered mostly on the high side, as in you like to tackle complex problems. You enjoy all that. It's like fun doing, solving problems which are a bit more complex and.

Speaker 1 35:00 
Online. So in your case, you're more a systematic thinker than an intuitive kind of problem solver, right? You kind of break down, you have a structured approach to problem solving. I would say, okay, your algorithm aversion seems to be mostly agree, but then you do have some disagree by, for example, you said before acting on AI suggestions, I usually want human verification and you disagree with that. So you don't normally need to verify anything. You think.

Speaker 2 35:35 
The human verification. I think I miss understand the. Okay.

Speaker 1 35:39 
So it's actually agree also in that case.

Speaker 2 35:42 
I thought that human clarification is not me, like other person, like I don't need other person, you.

Speaker 1 35:48 
Don't need. Okay, I think I kind of missed one aspect. So for example, let's say when the AI gives you some output, do you, are you in the habit of taking the output and going and checking elsewhere like Google Scholar or something?

Speaker 2 36:02 
Oh yeah, I mean, I think it depends, but mostly no.

Speaker 1 36:08 
Also I ask you whether you view this as a human collaborator. You told me no, it's a tool for you, right? Yeah, you don't really. And about control, eh, can you give me an example of some interaction you had with AI where you felt like you were not really in control of this final output that a, I kind of decided it for you.

Speaker 2 36:36 
Yeah, I would say it's more about the picture or character, generations.

Speaker 1 36:43 
Character.

Speaker 2 36:44 
Every time I ask AI to fix it, it just do not goes as well. So.

Speaker 1 36:51 
You're not able to influence the output.

Speaker 2 36:53 
Patch. Yeah, maybe there's a limitations. I do spend around it 30 minutes, go back and forth. I see didn't happen. Yeah, didn't help because AI image generation still takes longer time than the text vision China each.

Speaker 1 37:11 
Okay, thanks a lot, April, for taking the time. Anything you want to add? Like you can just add any, eh, anecdotes or story related to your use of Jenny. I, which I mean, yeah, so just anything you wanna share?

Speaker 2 37:26 
I would say that from my observations, people who believe they are very smart themselves, like they have the high confidence, they wouldn't use AI as much as we, the one who is more insecure in our conditions. And yeah, right. I think that's all. And sometimes people, when we use AI too much and those kind of people who is very smart, they would say that, use your brain like that. That's how they being sarcastic to us. And yeah, yeah, I think.

Speaker 1 38:05 
That's my. Okay, thank you so much, Apria. Really appreciate your time. You indicated that you're willing to take part in the experiment. So maybe we will see again on the best to you. Okay, thank.

Speaker 2 38:17 
You, Sarah, for your time as well. Bye.



受访人38:
2025-10-14 16:18:09 CST|46min 59s

Keywords:
time search、information search、first time、first task、search results、quick search、typical search task、few times、Search range、individual search、free search、search query、perform search、easy search、Google Scholar search、information search scenario、normal Google search

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Now, okay, so then this interview, the maximum I've taken is about an hour plus. Actually the minimum would be about half an hour. So it's somewhere in between, depending on how elaborate you get with certain scenarios and so on. So to begin with, Brian, I would like to know a little bit about yourself so you can start by talking about your background, what are you doing currently, then get more.

Speaker 2 00:32 
Go ahead. Yeah, so my name is Brian. So I'm currently studying data science and AI. So I am familiar with Gen AI, not only with its application, but also like its development. Talking about gen AI, especially work in a gen AI company before, like an AI agent startup. And so I'm quite familiar with this. So maybe I'll start with how I use Gen AI. So Jenny, there are a lot of Jenny era Jenny, I can change anything. Basically, mainly text. I'm using it for text. That's with LM. Also, sometimes I use it to generate image. I'm not good in creating posters, but for club activities, I need to make posters. So I usually brainstorm using Gemini banana, new banano banana, and then the OpenAI ChatGPT. Also regarding videos, well, I just, I, I, I do, I tried such functionality like generating video, especially Gemini, but it's only for fun. I've for audio, I've also tried with Sono AI, if you've heard about it. So the AI, my mainly at that time I was think I'm using Snow AI to brainstorm a project with my friend. So I do have experience, you know, using Gen AI for various activities and in different modalities such as text, videos, image, and audio.

Speaker 1 01:51 
It's interesting, Brian, I think, yeah, you, I notice that you indicated that your proficiency is expert level and I see why it is so anyway, you've done computer science currently. Are you working or you pursuing some postre, postgraduate.

Speaker 2 02:05 
Understand undergrad. Actually.

Speaker 1 02:07 
You're an undergrad still. Oh, so the the one, the work you're talking about is prior work experience before is it.

Speaker 2 02:13 
Internship experience to be on to be.

Speaker 1 02:15 
Fair. I see. Okay. Okay, Brian, just another question regarding your technology adoption patterns. So we're interested to know if you compare yourself with your peers. Would you consider yourself as, it's one of the first plunging, or are you one of those slightly cautious ones who will wait for a while and then legend?

Speaker 2 02:45 
Okay, so I'm not sure if this answers questions, but I would consider myself adopting a technology only when it I see it, I see it could fit me. So if it, okay, yeah, if it solve my problem. So in a sense, yes, I'm usually among the first adopters, but I usually only adopt technology that solve my problem or something I care about.

Speaker 1 03:08 
Yeah, I get it. So it's not everything that is out in the horizon that you would plunge into. You will actively choose the ones that suit you. And then if it is something that is suitable, you will go in first.

Speaker 1 03:20 
Yes. Okay, understand. You mentioned a few tools that you have tried. I want you to shortlist maybe the top 2,3 tools that you use on a regular basis. What will they be?

Speaker 2 03:35 
So first is ChatGPT. Second is Gemini. Third is coding, coding, air coding tools, Github compiler.

Speaker 1 03:46 
For pilot.

Speaker 2 03:47 
Github. No, sorry, my, yeah, it's the name recording tools. Co pilot, co pilot Sophia, Github Compaign.

Speaker 1 03:57 
Okay, roughly what is the frequency of usage? Would you say? You use it every day? You know.

Speaker 2 04:04 
Complexity, by the way.

Speaker 1 04:05 
Yeah, complexity too. Yeah, of course, right?

Speaker 2 04:07 
So I use every day.

Speaker 1 04:09 
Use it every day. See that you have a pair of tools, which is very typical of people who engage very deeply. So they say tend to use several tools rather than anyone. Okay. Okay. And now moving on in terms of your efficiency, you mentioned that you're an expert, right? But you're self dot. I see that, sorry, see that you rated yourself and as an expert, but self taught. Yes, self talk, right. So how did you go about doing this?

Speaker 2 04:45 
What do you mean? Like understanding how to use GNE?

Speaker 1 04:49 
You said yourself don't. Did you do trial and error? Did you? Oh, the, you know, online. Yeah.

Speaker 2 04:57 
So I've ever watch on online effort. Some tutorials like people will be posting how these Jenny and stuff, but I won't say that I do it very consciously and very few. If if it's if it comes to my feet, I will watch them some maybe yeah, I've ever watched what this one good, very good video. Yeah, on production on how to Eugenia by a well known AI researcher. I think that shapes my mental model on how these things. But the rest is just trying error. So if you say, do I take, do I watch any content? I'll say the one that actually influences how user is just one video. I can, they're interested in knowing I can do a quick search. It's easy search. And then the rest, yes, I'm doing trial error. And yeah, my friend will be sharing about things and I'll, you know, Checha, I'll learn from my friends how they use it as well.

Speaker 1 05:54 
Yeah, from Princess.

Speaker 2 05:58 
Yeah, that's w the video. Yeah, expand.

Speaker 1 06:01 
Okay, now you know the next question. Now what I would say is you use it for several purposes. You mention like a variety of things, right? So if let's say you want to select a a few, a couple of most frequently done task by collaboration with the Jenny I, what would they be?

Speaker 2 06:26 
Search. I mainly search. I mainly using for search.

Speaker 1 06:30 
Like information search.

Speaker 2 06:32 
Oh yeah, more advanced Google search, basically.

Speaker 1 06:34 
More advanced Google. So that's one. Any other?

Speaker 2 06:37 
Sometimes I use it for coding, but Cody, I know it seems not very reliable these days for something. So yeah, so I do use that, but not very frequently, mainly to find resources. So I will describe my case. For example, I'm interested in learning blah, blah, blah. Can you please find me textbooks or blocks or articles and whatnot? Then I'll read from there.

Speaker 1 07:02 
So now what we will do is we'll fix this task as your information search, which is your primary task, right? Collaborating with. So whatever questions that follow, you can base it on your information search scenario. Do you use it for personal purposes or strictly for your studies?

Speaker 2 07:23 
Well, I use it for all purposes, but yeah, for all kind of search, even like cooking or whatever. But usually for stuff that's more personal like cooking or health related, I will just directly ask the questionary and rather than searching for sources, but for academic researchers, I ask it for sources.

Speaker 1 07:49 
I see that's interesting. So you make a differentiation between the two types of task. Right? Now, let's go on to the how of it. So now this part, a few questions that follow will focus on your pattern of use.

Speaker 1 08:05 
Okay, as at the beginning, during the interaction and to the end, so first to begin with, before you start your o interaction session with the Jenny, I do you do any preparation something you this is some kind of ritual you do before? How do you initiate your conversation with ChatGPT?

Speaker 2 08:32 
No, I usually just perform. I just, if I'm doing search, right, maybe what's on your mind is when I search, I when I start a conversation, do I give full context of, eh, what will follows, right? Not necessarily. I think it depends. Usually my instruction will be self contain, sort of like the first time I search for it, I will give quite a detail information of where I'm coming from.

Speaker 1 08:58 
Yeah, so you one of those who will start with the with most of the info needed for the for gen AI to process.

Speaker 2 09:07 
Yeah, they try to make it less ambiguous. Yes.

Speaker 1 09:10 
You do. You start with that straight away. Okay. Okay. Now, moving on you your prompt, you said it will be very detail, right.

Speaker 2 09:22 
In my opinion. So.

Speaker 1 09:24 
Okay, the way you see it, are you in the habit of dividing the task to smaller components for Gen AI? Do you ever practice there?

Speaker 2 09:34 
Yes, actually, yeah, well, yes, usually because my prom from such promise specific, I think it should be, well, scope enough. It should be small enough.

Speaker 1 09:49 
Yeah, yeah, yes.

Speaker 2 09:51 
But then in this case, since, okay, we're talking about search, right? Because we're talking about search, it is not a multitask. Yeah, I, yeah, that's why.

Speaker 1 10:00 
So yeah, I understand. So in that sense, maybe there isn't much scope for partitioning because it's not a com shop that you're talking.

Speaker 2 10:08 
Yeah, well, if I'll be searching for a different thing, I'll just start another chat. So do it separately.

Speaker 1 10:14 
Okay. Now you know. So when you interact with Jenny, I do you have a notion that Jenny, I may be good at certain things, but you may be better at others. And what will they be?

Speaker 2 10:31 
Yes. And my notion has actually developed over the years in it. I, I'm, I, I think I'm use, I used to think that it is better and a lot of things more things than me, but that conception has change and which explains how, why I'm using it the way I do it right now. I think it is good in something that involve lower order thinking. Like massive, it can do things very fast, but it can do lower, only lower order thinking. So things like gathering resources, search, involve.

Speaker 2 11:07 
So how do LM perform search, right? Well, how do this ln perform search? I'll, they will take my query and they will break it down to a lot of keywords and they're going to use those keyword to search, to perform the normal Google search that we're usually performing, right? And then they will, they will take so they will append resources that they find interesting, then can be related to my queries, and they'll give it to me. So those kind of lower order thinking, just searching for simple keywords, appending those, they're important and sending it to me. Those are the thing that I think it is good at doing. But if you ask it to perform something require related to higher order thinking, I think it's not that good. Okay. Massive or order thinking, massive lower order thinkings tasks. Yeah, if that could be.

Speaker 1 11:57 
That's good at. Okay, Brian, in this case, because you're doing search using this, you know, what in your opinion is better when you use Jenny, I as suppose to use you using Google. Okay.

Speaker 2 12:20 
So I in this case, I assume you mean the Google, not the AI mode that is just introduce. No, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the thing what I LM is that I can specify my search query in 4 paragraph, I know 4 sentences or 5 sentences, even sometimes two paragraph. And then I can append resources that I found useful. So, okay, I find this useful. Can you find similar ones? Something like that. I think that's it. Yeah, I don't need to think about specific keywords.

Speaker 1 12:50 
Moving on, you know, you mention that AI is good at certain things, but not so good at certain things, right? So I presume then when you interact with AI, you're aware of these limitations, right? Yes. Prompt will be like kicking the into consideration the fact that higher order thinking is an issue with today I, right?

Speaker 2 13:13 
Yes, yes, of course. Okay.

Speaker 1 13:15 
So now are you in the, oh, habit of us asking Jenny I to assume specific roles while doing the search, okay, of, you know, say somebody, a researcher from the perspective of somebody.

Speaker 2 13:34 
Yeah, I get it. Well, yes, I've of course done that. Like ask Jenny, I to assume specific roles. Yeah, if the that's a question, then I do it at times. But yeah.

Speaker 1 13:46 
Out of it. But you do to use. Can you think of any specific example of that?

Speaker 2 13:54 
Well, I usually do that, do the role. I think it's called role prompting sub certain role, mainly for conversation or just general conversation, you know, like I used to do it, but now these days, not so often. But for such, no, but for some task, for example, I mean this situation, can you please assume this role and, you know, think of how you respond to this scenario and one on.

Speaker 1 14:26 
Okay. Okay. How about, you know, the search that you mentioned? I was wondering if there is some search related task then, or even coding related task, which we also use it for you. You've totally unfamiliar with you. Do you have no clue? How is your interaction with the Jenny I different in that case?

Speaker 2 14:49 
I would say if I have no clue, I'll my instruction will be less specific, I guess that's one thing. Yeah.

Speaker 1 14:59 
Cuz you. Yourself, don't you? Can you think of some example of a prompt you will start with? Or what will the prompt to bring?

Speaker 2 15:06 
So usually, okay, for search, usually I'll still, because when we're searching something, there is actually no a reason why we're doing it, right? So in that case, I will specify my intention, still very specific, but I will not direct it to like, you know, this is my intention and you should look for this keywords cuz you don't know. Yeah, I will not include the technical keywords, but I also include my intention, right? And then for food, usually I'll just, yeah, same thing, but I'll just more copy my code and paste it without a lot of, I think the different key difference is technical jargon or the technical terms. If I'm not very familiar with something, I usually won't include it in my prompts.

Speaker 1 15:47 
So there will be less context when you have an unfamiliar task like you, cuz you can't supply much task. Also, s constraints, you, mama saying that you won't know much, so you won't give any constraints. You would just straight away.

Speaker 2 15:58 
Ask. No technical constraint, domain specific con.

Speaker 1 16:04 
Okay, moving on now, this part to deal with your trust in Jenny, I think I kind of look through your pre survey form and I see that your trust is not very high. Yeah, actively slower.

Speaker 2 16:18 
Develops overtime. Like.

Speaker 1 16:22 
I my question is, you know, before you started using Jenny, I, what was your trust level? You know, we develop this perception right across percent. So, and then how did it change over time?

Speaker 2 16:34 
Okay, I will say it follows like bell curve or something. Yeah, so I'm among the first adopter of GB Chat, GBT actually, when it first come out. Yeah, I think I'm one of the first doctors, like in the first day I use it and my first task was asking you to generate some HTML code, like some code. Well, it does so with good syntactic, there is no syntax and stuff. So I was quite impressed. But when I was asking some questions which I deem interesting, it doesn't give good answers. So I would say initially it's not that good. But then, you know, GPT four comes out and cloud, at the time there was cloud 3 open. Yeah, my god, it started increase but not very significantly. And then you have, it got better right after that. I got there. And then you have cloud 4, Po 3.5. I think my trust was quite high the time. Yeah, for O and GPT 4.5, I think that picks and it picks there.

Speaker 2 17:36 
But I'll say, you know, as this product gets better in some sense, like in the first month of like first week of using that, I was impress. But after continuously using that use, you start to fill some gap and then your expectation also increase. Yeah, true. Like initially don't expect to do that, then it does that, then you know you're impressed and you expect it to do more thing, but it can't do it. So during the cycle of, you know, expectation disappointment, expectation disappointment.

Speaker 1 18:07 
Think it's a very interesting pattern you mention. Yeah, and you and you.

Speaker 2 18:12 
But right now, because I'm quite involve in the field of AI, there I read literatures or interviews, experts interviews that talk about limitation of Jenny I and how they're not going to ever, you know, they're not going to surpass human level intelligence and whatnot. So right now it's just like stabilize. It goes down and stabilize. So it peaks somehow it's stabilize.

Speaker 1 18:36 
So Brian, if you were to assign a percentage, if you say before and after percentage, what will it be?

Speaker 2 18:42 
Well, I'll say, you know, initially, when is it, 2,022? I think it really doesn't around.

Speaker 1 18:47 
There three years ago.

Speaker 2 18:48 
Like 20%. Then I think in peak in 2,024 and early to 75 or enter 4, maybe it will be like 80% or so and now 90% even in the peak. But now I think it's like 20%. I think rather than assigning percentage, the way I like to view it is that now I know better what kind of task it is supposed to do. I, I'm, I'm, I have bare mental model on what kind of task I can assign it.

Speaker 1 19:18 
Absolutely. I think you said it right. It's more that, you know, as you interact and you develop experience, your expectations mature and you have a perfect understanding of what you expect this tool to do for you. And when it doesn't match, then you know it's not be made up. A very good point there.

Speaker 1 19:39 
Okay, now let's go into this aspect of continuing with trust. Are you in the habit of going back and checking on something? Check GBTA, your virgin AI to regive you answer? Checking, I think. Validating basic and then do you just take it or do you go back or let me verify this?

Speaker 2 20:07 
It depends, right? Because these days mainly I use it for resources. I'll just open everything it ask me to open. There's no harm in doing that. So yeah, but regarding coding, usually I do, sometimes I don't. If I care about it, I'll you check because it often handles me if I think if it's just some prototype, I'll just copy paste. Eh?

Speaker 1 20:32 
It depends on the significance of this output to you. LA. Yeah, important component. Then check. Otherwise, just let it be.

Speaker 2 20:42 
And also the risk, like risk level, you know, say.

Speaker 1 20:46 
Yeah, of course.

Speaker 2 20:48 
If it's okay, there's no risk to for me to just like it or just follow it, like open every site that there is. I'll just do it.

Speaker 1 20:56 
Okay, that. Okay. Do you set constraints for ChatGPT to progress? Say only search in this kind of sources, you know, peer reviewed. And also say, assume this and always keep this assumptions in mind, you know, specific parameters to restrict such.

Speaker 2 21:20 
Yes, sometimes I do, but sometimes, okay, I see that ChatGPT is quite good. I can't say same for other tools which I feel like perplexity. I, I sh maybe I need to for perplexity, I need to s tell it maybe because I'm a this is my background. I'm a sort of researcher, right? I'm a student researcher. I do learn free search. So for chat GBD, I notice if I'm asking academic questions and it's going to reply, it's going to find any sources and not some reddit blocks. Yeah, not some reddit post, but for perplexity, sometimes it does. So I think it depends on this, on the tools.

Speaker 1 22:04 
Situation and tool. Okay. How about times when you're interacting with ChatGPT and ChatGPT tells you, yeah, I need a little more information. I'm not sure what you want or, you know, the context is unclear. Can you give me a bit more information? Have you had that kind of experiences?

Speaker 2 22:22 
That's very honestly, I think, yeah, yeah. The overwhelming experience is, well, unless I instructed to find false and asking questions, it usually just say, yes, I will do it for you. Or if I correct it, you're very right. Whatever. Seek off and see. I don't know. Psychopantic.

Speaker 1 22:44 
Making it sort of making you feel good about yourself, is it? You feel that they never comes back and ask you for clarification because you just want to make you feel and about myself.

Speaker 2 22:59 
Sorry.

Speaker 1 23:01 
Well, then the next question that follows this, have you ever had experience where, Jenny, I sounded a little unsure of its output. I'm not sure, you know, but I think this may be your answer.

Speaker 2 23:14 
Okay, that happens, but ve.

Speaker 1 23:18 
Very rarely, right?

Speaker 2 23:22 
It.

Speaker 1 23:22 
Doesn't remember one time it happened.

Speaker 2 23:25 
Hum.

Speaker 1 23:27 
Content is okay.

Speaker 2 23:29 
Well, I sort of have vague image, vague ideas, but I forgot when. Yeah, what.

Speaker 1 23:34 
Okay, if it comes back to you, maybe you can share.

Speaker 2 23:37 
I think I think it's related. It, it I think it related to something where I ask it whether it's sure or not, you know, like I ask about level of certainly it has, I need to explicitly mention about it. Basically, thank.

Speaker 1 23:53 
So on its own it won't, but if you ask it, then it might say, yeah, yeah. Okay. Now we're going into the coordination aspect. You know, when you coordinate the task between you and ChatGPT, you mention that you have to loop a few times, right? You you ask, you said you start with a lot of context already, straight away, gives you some answer and you kind of lead it through a few rounds and then you conclude, right? So this iteration on a typical search task, how many times do you do this looping back and forth?

Speaker 2 24:29 
Like how many times I have to put back and forth until I get why I wanted?

Speaker 1 24:34 
What an average. I know it depends, but.

Speaker 2 24:36 
It depends. Yeah, but okay, the trick I use here, you know, so it actually do search for longer time. So these days they it doesn't do a lot of back and forth. But when I'm using perplexity, sometimes I do two to three times.

Speaker 1 24:54 
Okay. So that's not that. Yeah, I.

Speaker 2 24:56 
Know. I think I kind of know the reason. Maybe. What's the reason? This because SGP has this thing called memory mode. It can refer to your customersations. Yeah, because. So maybe.

Speaker 1 25:07 
That's true. Yeah, that's true. Okay, so do you, are you either you ask that individual search for information, it comes back, it has several sources. Do you ask for summarization of the findings?

Speaker 2 25:24 
I used to. Sometimes I do. If I, so summarization of the, for example, of certain papers or journals or books, right? I think, and if the journal not consistently, that's my, that's on situation.

Speaker 2 25:40 
If the journal I find is not very, I don't have much time. I perceive it now. It's very important. I'll just ask you summarize so I know the gist. But if I do have some time and I perceive the journal has been quite important, I'll read it myself. Yeah, I think over the years I found that its summarization is not actually as good as my reading comprehension. But see, I'll just do speed reading. I'm not like reading a lot of anyway.

Speaker 1 26:09 
Just selectively ask for summarization, which is a clever strategy. How about locking of the scope and stuff like that? You gonna, because sometimes you provide context until yourself get a bit confused about what other things you asked him to do. So do you then, once you get all the things in, would you ask ChatGPT or Jenny I to kind of lock that scope there and then proceed based on that submission or scope to provide it. Oh, scope.

Speaker 2 26:39 
What do you mean by scope? Like it should, let me.

Speaker 1 26:42 
Yeah, let's just take a vague term like imaging can fit any situation. Then you say, okay, I want imaging in this area only.

Speaker 2 26:54 
So over the past few weeks, I've been using maybe on, well, education psychology, because I would like to develop my learning skills and stuff. So usually when I go to particular area, when I don't know anything, I just mention my intention. I will search for me. Once I read all some and know about the jargon, I'll usually do set some constraint. So for example, yeah, if I've been exploring more about meaningful learning theory by algebra and stuff, so I'll set constraint, you know, please just find workday to meaningful theory, learning theory and stuff. Yeah, you.

Speaker 1 27:31 
Will provide certain scope for it to search. Okay.

Speaker 2 27:34 
I have you have the knowledge.

Speaker 1 27:38 
If you already have knowledge, how about using saving version, saving logs and so on. Are you in the habit of keeping your prompts in a file and then editing it for reuse that something.

Speaker 2 27:51 
No, like you mean creating my own templates, right? Oh, no.

Speaker 1 27:57 
How about when, you know, you said about two to three times and then you stop at what point you decide that's enough, no more interaction. And I think this is the best I can get. How do you design.

Speaker 2 28:10 
It for context, like for search, right? For search, usually I found something, for example, it returns to me 10 sources. I'll just skim through everything. I just skim through everything. And then if I found that, you know, there's is there's one source that's good or two source, usually that leads to more sources, right? So in that sense, I usually do just do one time search or maybe 2 times if I don't find any gold in the first time. So for coding, so for such task, it's usually successful. It will give me something. At least for coding, it can be unsuccessful, right? If after 5 to 6 iterations, you cannot call my errors, my bucks, then I'll stop because it's just messing up everything else.

Speaker 1 29:03 
I get it. How about times when you find your Jenny I contradicting itself or even hallucinating experiences? Have you had like that?

Speaker 2 29:14 
Okay, usually I notice, right? I will only notice that the Jenny I contradict itself or hallucinate on areas I have some expertise. Interesting. Otherwise, I don't even have a knowledge to know if it's like clean up. I yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm using this for a long time. So I kind of notice a pattern now.

Speaker 1 29:34 
You may be right. So you notice only when you have enough information. Other times you may not have notice. Yeah, sure. Okay. Now we're going to go into the a section where we are going to delve a bit into your, the impact of use of Jenni on your professional personal skills and so on. Okay, so do you notice any recognizable change in you, in the way you work, you as a person? Listen, since you started using Jenny, but you use every day.

Speaker 2 30:04 
Hum, hum, hum, hum. It used to be the case that I offload everything to Jenny. I see I have, you know, ChatGPT, Gemini, Perpexy open all around. I see. That's just how I interact the world, like more stuff. Yeah, so that's just how in track. I don't go read some papers. I'll just ask you to summarize. Then basically it becomes a user interface for me to interact with the internet and with my work.

Speaker 2 30:38 
And do you know CLI tools like Cloud Code, Gemini CLI? So yeah, yeah, I'm using the extensive used to at this, especially when I was working in my intern recently. So they provide sort of unlimited cloud code credits. So this is how I code. Yeah, I'll just code everything through cloud code. And it mean, yeah, do accept and why not.

Speaker 2 31:02 
So of course, that change stuff, right? And then for search, usually I used to do, usually I used to have multiple tabs for different keywords, right? But yeah, same topic, but now it's just one tab because one chat contains the topic itself. The whole topic is contain one tab because, yeah.

Speaker 1 31:22 
So you don't need multiple.

Speaker 2 31:23 
Yeah, it's correct. So I think that's how change. But overtime, as I see how it's not as good as, yeah, I kind of revert to my old way of working now. So I won't ask it to summarize things for me. I'll just skip it myself or coding as well. I will just try to do it myself. So there used to be a case that I do everything through it, even writing.

Speaker 2 31:53 
Right now I try not to write with ChatGPT. Yeah, my writing is entirely done by me. That's one thing as well. I used to like every writing of mine, I don't actually write. Like I just say it's share to it my intention. So right email to professor for this and this and this, you know. And then I used to for every right things I have, I used to have it check for now? No, I said that as a rule. Yeah, because I think it's quite the, I think it's cognitively then dangerous. Okay.

Speaker 1 32:23 
Actually, it's very interesting. So yeah, this is, I think you're a native user that way. So anyway, so personally, you know, you told me that you wean yourself off this habit of depending on it for all kinds of writing and so on. Right? So personally, how did it change? We work. Oh, oh, you, you is this any skills you picked up? Is any learning?

Speaker 2 32:50 
What do you mean? Sorry?

Speaker 1 32:52 
Did you learn like some kind of a lesson by your excessive views and dependence? Did you feel like we know cognitively I'm being restricted because I tend to depend too much on this and I don't need to do.

Speaker 2 33:07 
Overtime. I feel like I lose my first, my value.

Speaker 1 33:12 
Agency.

Speaker 2 33:13 
Yeah, that's one. But more concretely is my ability to communicate my intention. Yeah, so now, like I used to feel like now I'm using my right, doing my writing on my own. But when I was excessively doing my writing with HGBT or something, I feel that I cannot, I lose the ability to convey my intention properly, even leading even the chat GBD account because I can may give like us few sentence intention like, oh, I want this on this. But those are simple intention, right? Like babies, I want to eat, I want to drink, I want to what? But like more complex intentions, I use, I feel that I use, I, I lost it.

Speaker 1 33:54 
That emotion perhaps the the eh, how you want the tone to come out in the communication that something maybe.

Speaker 2 34:03 
Okay. May, I'm not sure if that answers your question. Maybe not actually, like, maybe can you review?

Speaker 1 34:10 
Yeah, actually, and Brian, I think looking at more like, I think any answer, there's no right or wrong answer here. I was, for example, of, I've been asking this question to several of the others and some people won't say, oh, you know, I'm working faster, my efficiency is gonna, yeah, another person was saying, you know, like, yeah, faster and all that. But I don't know because I seem to not retain much that I hear from chat DPD. But at the same time, if I'm doing Google Scholar search and I'm reading, I tend to remember what I read. But in somehow in chat GBD, I don't recall much. So I've had answers like that, you know. Okay. So yeah, so this is only for views, you know, only what you said is relevant quite, yeah. So anything like that from your experience?

Speaker 2 35:03 
Oh, so my work pattern, right? So first, of course, I, I feel that it's faster if I use it the right way. And there is, it throws me down a lot if I'm doing it the wrong way. So, yeah, okay, what's the right way? What's wrong way? The right way is just to do search. If I'm doing, using it to do search instead of manually thinking of keywords and then doing multiple tabs. It's faster because it collects resources directly for me, but it will make my process lower. Yeah, use it for complex coding, debugging. I think sometimes I used to like, you know, do multiple iterations, so many that it spends like 40 minutes. And I feel that I could have solved it much faster. So it's slower in that sense because I use it wrongly.

Speaker 1 35:48 
Yeah, I would say it's a mixed bag that way. Yeah, like.

Speaker 2 35:51 
So maybe the productivity gain for me.

Speaker 1 35:55 
Is not that.

Speaker 2 35:56 
80%, maybe 10% because of search, but there.

Speaker 1 35:59 
Is some, yeah, it's a different. Okay, now I'm gonna go into, I mean, can you think of any example where ChatGPT actually made an impact on your work or your personal life.

Speaker 2 36:13 
Okay, the main impact is when I'm starting new topics, when I'm starting to learn new topics, it will suggest resources and keywords, which I feel it's very useful.

Speaker 1 36:26 
You know that we're coming to the end of the interview. The last part covers things like your wish list, you know, what are your challenges, what are your concerns? You can talk about what you wanna see in better, what kind of tips you wanna provide somebody who is new to today. I so start with, let's say, let's start with your.

Speaker 2 36:46 
Wish list. Well, I wish it is.

Speaker 1 36:51 
Faster.

Speaker 2 36:53 
I wish it's faster. I wish it is. It can. Because right now, if I'm, even if I'm performing search, it's mainly giving search results, which are, how to say, common results. Yeah, I wish it has more diverse.

Speaker 1 37:10 
Search range. Okay. Okay. So somehow the content that you get and you don't seem to think that it's interesting. It's just like very commonplace. If.

Speaker 2 37:19 
I'm new to it, it's interesting. If I'm not, if not.

Speaker 1 37:22 
You already know.

Speaker 2 37:24 
So diversity and response.

Speaker 1 37:27 
Diversity.

Speaker 2 37:28 
Interesting. I've never seen responsibilities to hallucination or not to. So yeah, and then I wish, I wish you inspire and coding.

Speaker 1 37:41 
Okay. So you're looking for something that is better in terms of the content, it provides, speed and so on. Okay, what tips would you give someone, you know, you're an expert users, but also you wanna guide like a younger person who is new to this. What top advice will you give 1 to 3?

Speaker 2 37:59 
Well, first, don't use it too extensively. Not, yeah, I think reason is because it seems it looks smart. Seems smart, appear smart because it's capable of generating something that sounds smart, but not that smart.

Speaker 1 38:16 
It's not really that easy.

Speaker 2 38:20 
Second, I think use it for something that is so first is not lower, not for everything. Second, specifically use it for something that doesn't require higher order thinking skills. Do you use it for repetitive task such as looking for keywords, finding resources and whatnot? Those are repetitive task that, yeah, that's not cognitively challenging. Use it for that. Third is maybe don't do your writing with the GPT.

Speaker 1 38:52 
Don't do your writing, whichever.

Speaker 2 38:54 
Don't do your right activity. That's much more. I think people understand me, the importance of writing and being able to convey your intention effectively. But I think that's important to at least be able to function effectively in the society because you're interacting with people and whatnot. You feel you lose that capability to tell, to convey your message to people. I think that's really bad.

Speaker 1 39:19 
That could be accepted. Okay. Alright, I think that's concludes our interview questions, but I just want to take about five minutes for you to kind of just freely share any anecdotes, anything you wanna say about your experiences so far interacting with Jenny are.

Speaker 2 39:36 
My experience so far. So many.

Speaker 1 39:38 
Concerns, by the way, Brian, daily concerns. Do you have any concerns about Jenny? I.

Speaker 2 39:45 
Concerns like societal concerns? Yes, I think.

Speaker 1 39:50 
Societal what we.

Speaker 2 39:52 
So, okay, I, I'm in the field of AI, right? So I'm studying that. I'm actually passionate in that too. And I've been. Noticing a trend. And this is, this goes off track a little bit, but this is quite interesting. Yeah, this does not answer your question, but I notice some trends in AI products, at least successful product markets with AI products. And like ChatGPT, I'm talking about ChatGPT, there's a second generation. I see the first generations are the recommendation engines. Yeah, social media, YouTube, Instagram, TikTok. Those are, yeah, those are, yeah, those are AI products. People don't see it as AI products, but they, the main, the TikTok is an AI product. I mean, if it's just playing videos, any phone can play videos, right? But the main thing that makes it useful is because it recommends stuff for you. So it's an AI product. Yeah, yeah, it's an AI product. Instagram is also AI product. It shows you the thing that you want to see.

Speaker 1 40:48 
Collaborative filtering you.

Speaker 2 40:50 
So first, yeah, social media, first generation, those are AI products. Is it good for society? Arguable, right? It interferes with election. It causes mental health issues, it causes short attendance span. Does it makes people overall happier? Arguable, right? Maybe not. Maybe yes. I remember some people said, you know, it's quick entertainment, cheap entertainment and whatnot. True, but is it good overall? Maybe not, right?

Speaker 2 41:17 
So, and then I see similar patterns in, you know, ChatGPT. Initially, people are very happy with it. I think in the 10 years time, I'm not sure if we're going to judge it s the same, you know, because you see social media, it's an AI product and it's not good for society overall. Yeah, no, you see chat GBT on other those AI product subsidy, especially LMS students start to believe that, you know, they're missing out if they're not utilizing it heavy enough, heavily enough. People are addicted to it. You know, fear told boyfriend, fear to our girlfriend. Not sure if that's good or bad. People say it overcome my loneliness and whatnot.

Speaker 2 41:58 
So, but then for social media, you make some argument at a time it make me feel connected with my friends, right? Do people, are people actually more connected now than before? I'm not sure that's our view. Yeah, so I notice a pattern here. Well, although I'm working AI, I see that AI products tend to be overall in some in in this in this lens net negative society. So that's my concern actually. Like it is, I initially it's good people celebrated, but when you see the long run because of various interplace and so on, and because human is complex, right? Yeah, it tends to be net negative. A social media is actually meant to connect us, but s people so lot of people feel more disconnected than ever. Right. Bubbles and then short attention spends the real thing, right? People are not be are not able to do long horizon thinking and multi step reasoning and stuff. That's a real thing. And then what's happening in ChatGPT? So this is the thing, like in 10 years time, people already have short attention. Now. If they cannot convey their intention, that's not good because that's what Chajib is doing it. It's if you outsource everything there, especially you're writing, which a lot of people do, by the way, you won't be able to convey your intentions very effectively. And like, if you don't know what you want, then who knows, right? I don't think happy that way. And, and so if you're talking about sociality concerns, that's my societal concerns.

Speaker 1 43:39 
Okay. How about privacy concerns and so on? Copyright?

Speaker 2 43:45 
Well, well, yeah, I think it's quite big on that copyright and stuff. Yeah, I don't know. I don't have that much concern with copyright. Yes, and I think ideas are there. I, ideas should be. I is meant to be shared freely. I don't I mean, like patterns itself is something that's argue right? It's patterns good or not, right? I, eh, the thing that I'm saying is that something like patterns or copyright and whatnot, it depends on the cases. But it's not always something that is good factor because sometimes copyrights and whatnot they they in he they prevent innovation because people cannot.

Speaker 2 44:28 
Yeah, so regarding privacy, well, yeah, I don't have much thought about it. Yeah, I read about this thing, this article, which says that in the US, I think ChatGPT is actually obligated to share their data to the government if they ask. So I think that's not.

Speaker 1 44:50 
Saying they have asked, you know, most social media to do the same thing as well.

Speaker 2 44:54 
So I think.

Speaker 1 44:55 
Pattern that they will always follow that.

Speaker 2 44:58 
You know, that's not very good. But, well, yeah, I think, but people can be aware about that and the search. And you do you know this thing called Local LLM.

Speaker 1 45:14 
Local 11? Yeah, I read about it.

Speaker 2 45:17 
You can run it locally too. I mean, at some, right now it's not very practical, but I think overtime our laptop is going to be, it's going to adapt to this and we're going to be.

Speaker 1 45:30 
I mean, I mean, we see that as a trend that accelerated with text typing, right? WhatsApp texting. I mean, we started with English, all of us, and now a lot of us use vernacular. So, so yeah, so I'm sure it will evolve and get there someday. Anyway, thanks, Brian. It was quite delightful talking to you and just checking with you about your pay now number that you entered. It's 8,9,1,6,9,0,5,4. Sorry, your No. 8,9,1,6,9,0,5,4.

Speaker 2 46:10 
Yeah, it's I just stop it. 8,91,90,54.

Speaker 1 46:14 
Yeah, 9,0,54.

Speaker 2 46:16 
I thought be there.

Speaker 1 46:17 
Separate now number. So I just want to tell you that okay, we concluded the interview and I think you've been pretty for forthcoming and quite a few interesting points you brought out as well. So thank you for that. Now, you indicated that you're willing to take part in our experiment, right?

Speaker 2 46:37 
Well, well.

Speaker 1 46:38 
Well, that would be scheduled early to time and maybe a smaller subset of those interviewed. It's gonna be a random selection, but there's a chance that we will cross parts again. Anyway, all the best to you and you know, have a good day. Okay, thanks. Alignment.

Speaker 2 46:54 
Okay, have a nice day. Thank you. Yeah.






受访人39:
2025-10-14 16:18:19 CST|35min 12s

Keywords:
few things、few times、first few questions、other thing、new things、more references、own chat、co pilot、First question、same time、few more queries、few years、few resources、few factors、certain things、good answering、many times、key thing

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Alright, okay. But I mean, this interview will take about an hour, but it's divide into different sections. So to begin with, maybe you can talk to me briefly about yourself. Of course, you can touch on your background, you know, as in your educational background, as well as professionally if you're doing something, you can also talk about your work.

Speaker 1 00:28 
The third thing I would like to know is about your technology adoption pattern. Are you one of those people who will adopt a new technology as soon as it appears, or you are one who would wait before jumping into the that particular use of a new technology. Okay, you can start now like that.

Speaker 2 00:51 
Okay, so I'm gonna start with my background. You know, my, I have a chemical engine. I'm a chemical engineer by study. Oh, okay. Yeah, I did it from ndu, full of chemical and biomonitor engineering. So effort seems that I've been working as a process safety consultancy in consultancy firms. I see pumps in Singapore, I see, okay, the consultant, the mean item, one of the main items to look at is in terms of efficiency when doing the work. So that's definitely need to push us to adopt that all in. Yeah, familiar with example Powerpoint or in year 6, the use of AI.

Speaker 1 01:45 
In so yeah, because the work mandates it as a person, are you normally somebody who will try out new things, new technology? I mean.

Speaker 2 01:56 
Will I try on? Depends on what technology it is. For example, let's say I'm assuming of I have all the resources. Yeah, yes, I will try now. For example, now I have iPhone 12 with me. Yeah, one of the items is the new iOS, right? iOS.

Speaker 1 02:17 
The new iOS.

Speaker 2 02:19 
So my, because the gap are quite far and lagging a phone that is laggy is pretty problematic for me. Wait for maybe another 3,6 months to make sure that the iOS is stable. Okay, whether it really fits into, I won't have actually, I haven't found any review whether it fits. It seems like it fits in terms of performance, whether it will be laggy or lower battery life. Yeah, that I haven't found out yet. Andy, I'm working in. Andy, you, by the way. Okay, so something I empty you're into stuff also, right? Yes. So Cids has the co pilot. Yes, license, free co pilot license for one year. So yes, we got that to try out.

Speaker 1 03:20 
Okay. So I what I hear is that you're one of those who would kind of assess the use of it and a little carefully, and then you will adopt if professionally you require it, you will definitely use it. Alright, okay, okay. Going on, Edward, the about when you talk about yourself, I see that you indicated intermediate proficiency, but you're not subscribing to any versions of gen AI. Can you tell me what generative AI tools are you using currently?

Speaker 2 03:55 
Mostly chat GBT and co pilot.

Speaker 1 03:58 
Co pilot chat GBT. How often do you think you use it in a week?

Speaker 2 04:02 
In a way, we recently quite often. Gotta try. Well, both have plus and minus. I think chat, GBT so far I've been using for a more general topics. Yeah, research. Yeah, yes. The co pilot, I'm more using it for switching until documents. Let's see. Yeah, it doesn't.

Speaker 2 04:29 
Yesterday I tried of using compiler to rate something for me from searching the webs. Yeah, like what are what do the top 10,15 universities do in terms of health and safety? Yeah, so I did use to go pilot on that, compare against chat GBT.

Speaker 1 04:50 
See, so when you say quite often, do you mean every day or few times a week? Cool.

Speaker 2 05:00 
Could be every day.

Speaker 1 05:01 
Yeah, it could go up to every.

Speaker 2 05:03 
Okay, recently, it's quite often.

Speaker 1 05:05 
I see. OK，所以我们。

Speaker 1 05:09 
Roughly what year did you get started on this gen AI tools? Can you remember when you got started?

Speaker 2 05:16 
2020. Oh, late 2023.

Speaker 1 05:22 
23. Okay. Okay, 2023.

Speaker 2 05:24 
Alright. One of the reason is my previous workplace, which is processing consultancy. Yeah, something that can be done by generative AI. Yes. Yeah, there, there is a, they have their own software to model for modeling for calculation. Yeah, but not ineavailability of AI yet.

Speaker 1 05:46 
I see you see, so you got started there and see, okay, now we're going on. Edward, though, we're going into your pattern of user, which is one of our focus areas. So when you talk about pattern of views, you can base the answer on the most frequently used tasks. For example, you said almost every day you use it. So first of all, when, what do you use it for? What task do you use it for? Professional or personal? If professional, if you can be a bit specific, you know, for this purpose and so on, that will help.

Speaker 2 06:23 
So far, mostly professional, yeah, personal, yeah, but less, like less frequent. So profession, can.

Speaker 1 06:33 
You say professional? Can you give me an example of a task you get help with from ChatGPT for.

Speaker 2 06:40 
For from chat GVT. So one of thing is recently I can GBT to help me code something for, yeah, for Excel purpose.

Speaker 1 06:54 
I see coding.

Speaker 2 06:56 
Correct. And Andrea, I think the most frequent for my job score at the moment, yeah, is greeting a Powerpoint structure.

Speaker 1 07:10 
Powerpoint structure. Okay.

Speaker 2 07:12 
Alright, Powerpoint structure, which go first? What kind of topics you should put in? Yeah, and also in terms of grammar checking or rephrasing of.

Speaker 1 07:22 
I see of right up abstract.

Speaker 2 07:27 
Mission, something along that I need.

Speaker 1 07:31 
So you seek help for writing, professional writing, like and Powerpoint presentations. And so. Okay, okay.

Speaker 2 07:38 
Alright. Yeah, not to mention something I yesterday, let's say I wanna search for what the 15 University does. Yes. Okay. Chat GBT and co pilot is really helpful in terms of compiling all the links in, yeah, presentation, including the summary.

Speaker 1 08:02 
You mention the, you compared the outputs, right? What did you find?

Speaker 2 08:07 
How do I find?

Speaker 1 08:09 
So when compared, what is the your end result observation.

Speaker 2 08:17 
The first few questions are pretty comparable re get because it's both are getting resources from, yeah.

Speaker 1 08:24 
Same source.

Speaker 2 08:26 
Yeah, so both answers are comparable. Of course, let's say KGVT give university, ABC give us BCT, something along that line.

Speaker 1 08:39 
So it is like not very far off. The answers were similar. Okay.

Speaker 2 08:45 
We did, we're in office of camera and safety. We also did try of comparing between co pilot Gemina and ChatGPT. Previously the outcome was go by ChatGPT is in the middle of Gemini and co pilot, some co pilot is too short, Gemini is long winded. Yeah, co pilot is in between this short sweet. I see kind of responses.

Speaker 1 09:18 
I see. So you do switch between co pilot and even Gemini, is it.

Speaker 2 09:25 
Jamie? Not very rarely. Just.

Speaker 1 09:26 
For very rarely, but mostly chargeability. Okay. And then moving on, we're going into the how of your, the pattern of your use. So I will start with the initial stages and then I'll take you through the middle pattern, the last but which is a conclusion. So the beginning stage when you s begin your interaction, is there some kind of a Rachel for you? Do you prepare or it's just open it and straight away star front.

Speaker 2 09:55 
Maybe giving the prom, right? And straight away start.

Speaker 1 09:59 
They don't start the problem. Okay.

Speaker 2 10:02 
We need to get our answer that we want, but we need.

Speaker 1 10:05 
Yeah, yeah. So away, straight away. So you have a query. Go write the prompt. What is the nature of this prompt, may I ask? Meaning I want to know how detail are you in your first prompt?

Speaker 2 10:18 
How detail? I'm like, if let's say up like yesterday, I wanna find the top 15 university. Yeah, I know what topic I want. I will write, okay, I want the top 15 university according to QS for the purpose of chemical handling. Yeah, then yes, I will write assets. But if I don't know yet, something like creating Powerpoint here, I wanna create Powerpoint about now how a noise induction and misconduct injury work works. Yeah, it's just that brief overview.

Speaker 1 11:00 
I see. So I understand if you're familiar with what you want to ask, you get the as descriptive as possible, but you don't know, then it will be a bit more preferred, right? Okay. How about dividing, you know, the task? We have several steps. Are you in the habit of dividing the task into spe, you know, smaller parts first for juddivity? Or are you in the habit of providing all the instructions together altogether? Okay, okay. Have you notice that ChatGPT handle certain things very well, but it's not so good with the some others.

Speaker 2 11:40 
I don't know.

Speaker 1 11:43 
What's your experience?

Speaker 2 11:44 
Thanks. So far, not really.

Speaker 1 11:49 
So you do, it has been doing okay. You cannot say that it's good with something. It's not so good with something. Correct? Okay. Okay. So there's nothing good or bad to identify LA. So the next question is regarding, you know, assigning role to chat ability. You know, some of the users have a habit of telling sadivity to take the role of a teacher, take the role of an evaluator or a client, you know, and then based on that perspective, do answer your question. Do you do that?

Speaker 2 12:25 
So far?

Speaker 1 12:26 
No. So far you have not. Okay, so the rule, yeah, I think you mentioned unfamiliar task is the task is unfamiliar, how is it different? Your interaction, what's your experience with our family that you said you'll be brief, right? Your prompt will be brief.

Speaker 2 12:42 
My problem will be brief tends to give a lot more quite in a lot of info.

Speaker 1 12:50 
Then what do you doing today?

Speaker 2 12:51 
Correct. Yeah, so I need to pick. Of course, we need to think of the responses and eventually we need to prompt further which connection I wanna know more. Yes, so let's say I pick a topic, it gives us give me three points. Maybe I pick the first point and actually satisfies or understand enough. I'll go to the second point.

Speaker 1 13:14 
So you then systematically probe into each area that you interest to use it? Yes, correct. Okay. How roughly how many times you think you will iterate like that?

Speaker 2 13:25 
How many times are we iterate.

Speaker 1 13:28 
Average? I know it will depend on the context and the query. Yeah, just to, you know, like give an average figure.

Speaker 2 13:35 
Probably if let's say k using the sample, one point is probably I need to query about 5 times, not 5 times. And sometimes the depending on the topic, the rest of us will brands to all different directions to. It's true. Okay.

Speaker 1 13:52 
Okay. Okay. Then we move on to the exception, which is on your trust in AI. Okay, so there will be several probes on different aspects of trust. First question is, before you started use late 2023, you mentioned, remember now what was your, before you started use, what was your level of trust in generative AI? And after you started using it, how did it change.

Speaker 2 14:17 
Now? Before that, it's not the referencing part. Yeah, even now, Jenny, I, we still need to do the check and the referencing. Yeah, differences properly. So before there is more of preferences and didn't really give me watch I ask. Yeah, but after that, I think after 2024, it's feel so much better attribution. I feels like talking to a support team.

Speaker 1 14:48 
More useful, LA more useful. So if let's say you want to assign a percentage of trust before and after, what will the percentage be like?

Speaker 2 14:58 
I'll be less. So the 20,30% to ninety percent.

Speaker 1 15:03 
I see. So initially was like 20,30, and then it grew to 90 LA. Yeah, I see. Okay. And now that brings us to the next question, which is, you know, you have an output from chat DPT, right? You got some response. Are you in the habit of checking, verifying this output against, I don't know, maybe Google, whichever way, another gen AI tool. Do you have their habit or a textbook or ask somebody, do you have their habit validating? I.

Speaker 2 15:34 
Will f. I will ask for the references and reference. Okay. Reference.

Speaker 1 15:41 
If they provide you with the proper reference, have you s gone to check whether the references they point to AC actually correct or not?

Speaker 2 15:49 
I do.

Speaker 1 15:51 
You do. And you have so far had good experience there.

Speaker 2 15:54 
So far good. After certain things that somehow it ref, it makes reference to a broken link. Yeah, hum. Yeah, I, yeah, so that's the part that probably I couldn't trust and ask further to get more references.

Speaker 1 16:16 
I see. Okay. Okay. So you ask for references, you said, do you ask for document identifiers? When did you retrieve the retrieval date or date of the source and all that? Do you go into that kind of specifics? Can you ask for.

Speaker 2 16:32 
Reference? No, it's just how many? Give me the reference link.

Speaker 1 16:36 
That's it. And then you will go and check the link, right? Alright. Okay. Okay. And now two things. One is, have, has, have you had the experience of gen AI telling you then it does not quite understand your question and ask you to give more information. Have you had that experience?

Speaker 2 16:58 
Not exactly on that point, but yeah, hardly. It's more of a general to, because it's general topics you ask, okay, there are few factors, which one do you want.

Speaker 1 17:13 
Probing 2. And.

Speaker 2 17:14 
So it's not really about, I don't understand your.

Speaker 1 17:16 
The question. Yeah, yeah, it's more scoping, right? Scoping related. Okay. Okay. How about when Jenny I is answering your query? Does it ever sound like unsure? I'm not sure if this is the answer, you know, that kind of thing. Like it's not very confident with the answer. Has, have you felt that.

Speaker 2 17:35 
Not in ChatGPT. I check for.

Speaker 1 17:40 
Co pilot is.

Speaker 2 17:41 
Yeah, I'm not sure if you try co pilot in and do you.

Speaker 1 17:44 
Not really. I'm more like a ChatGPT. And I use ChatGPT publicity kind of listen. Yeah, I'm not the.

Speaker 2 17:54 
So in NDU, there's a compiler that which interface looks like change GPT. There's also co pilot.

Speaker 1 18:00 
Agent. Yes, I have seen it, but I've not really tried. So you're saying that the co pilot actually gives you that kind of low confidence kind of answers.

Speaker 2 18:09 
Previously, the age, I didn't try on the co pilot interface or the copilot chat. I did try on the co pilot agent.

Speaker 1 18:18 
Agent.

Speaker 2 18:18 
One that looks like Leon can what? Yeah, so I did ask few things. Can you give me, I give them a prom. Okay, what to do if I'm sick? That's where to go. So in some of the references, it quoted some of the references doesn't say what they quoted.

Speaker 1 18:44 
They quarter.

Speaker 2 18:45 
So yeah, what further of eh, your reply h cannot be found in this link where you got it from. Yeah, so.

Speaker 1 18:55 
You questioned it, but on its own, it didn't say that you when you questioned it, then it will correct. So, okay, okay. Oh, also it, but you know, after you finish with the interaction, are you, I mean, I'm sure you get multiple answers and so on, right? Do you usually ask the Jenny I to summarize the all the differences it gave? Or, you know, lock the scope for further querying. Say, okay, you keep the scope the same, have a few more queries based on that or something like that. Do you practice?

Speaker 2 19:35 
I'm not really sure about the lock that you mean. If you're saying that, eh, I have question at the top and somehow I defeated to question B and go back to question a. Like, yes, I have that experience.

Speaker 1 19:54 
What I meant is if let's say there's a problem that you're asking question about, and there are some parameters that you already provided and you say, okay, you keep this parameter constant for all the next questions, you know, so.

Speaker 2 20:07 
That's no one. Yes. In that sense, yes.

Speaker 1 20:11 
Or summarizing.

Speaker 2 20:14 
Summary, it's more about some, something like, ye, yeah, yesterday, I'm sorry, the top 15 university. So I ask about the chemical handling. So I get the references book further for some of the top universities. Yeah, and I go back for the same a condition. GI give me the references for handling radiation, eh?

Speaker 1 20:43 
And then you do, do you ask for a like a summary of everything? It said.

Speaker 2 20:48 
Well, it, it gave me summary.

Speaker 1 20:51 
It already gave summary. Yes.

Speaker 2 20:52 
Although I didn't write the word summary. Now, you.

Speaker 1 20:55 
Didn't ask, but it provided me. Yes, that's good. That's it. How about experience with the Jenny I contradicting itself said something first and then it go the it goes in the opposite direction, you know, like contradicts totally turns around and says something directly contradicting experience.

Speaker 2 21:19 
So far, not on chat GBT, the co pilot agent. Thank you.

Speaker 1 21:25 
Can you remember any example?

Speaker 2 21:28 
The specific example.

Speaker 1 21:29 
If you can remember.

Speaker 2 21:31 
So the specific example was, I was, let me try to recall. So I was asking, can you list down the master degree in ndu, the 2 ID, if I'm not wrong? Or AI or data analysis. So it gives me few things. Them I believe is and the link from Mae. Yeah, so I, of course, I ask for the references, open.

Speaker 1 22:08 
Mechanical engineering.

Speaker 2 22:10 
Material mechanical engineering, correct. I mean.

Speaker 1 22:15 
Okay.

Speaker 2 22:15 
Got the answer of open the link. May I ask, but there is nothing mention about.

Speaker 1 22:22 
Oh, so it was wrong. I see. Okay, yeah, okay. Okay. Edwin will. So when you conclude, you will end your session with the Jenny Aya. What is normally the prompt for you to stop?

Speaker 2 22:39 
Nothing.

Speaker 1 22:41 
Well, well, what makes you decide to? Okay. Okay. That's it. I'm done. Okay.

Speaker 2 22:48 
What makes no decide what to.

Speaker 1 22:50 
Make that.

Speaker 2 22:54 
Oh, what.

Speaker 1 22:55 
Is a typical scenario when you will end your session?

Speaker 2 22:59 
Yeah, really nothing.

Speaker 1 23:01 
No, I just. You have an answer because there are, for example, let's say sometimes, you know, you're looking for something, but you won't get then so you do the so many back and forth until you're been like, oh, that it doesn't move beyond that then that's it. And or you ask a question, you get an answer, you ask for refinement, it gives you the refinement and then you're satisfied with the output and you stop. That's what I mean. Typically, how does it end? And good and not so good.

Speaker 2 23:31 
So far it's been great. Yeah, good luck. Majority. Great. Yeah, yeah, that's.

Speaker 1 23:36 
Good. Okay, now the last two sections, the last but first section is on how the use of Jenny I impacts on your decision making, your work or your personal, okay, either professionally or personally. So since you started using, have you notice any change in the way it could be positive, negative, in the way you do work, you know? Yes. Can you explain.

Speaker 2 24:06 
Mostly positive certificates? Yeah, it definitely help us a lot in getting information, pre possibly preparing for presentation, I think images, doing program, some programming. So it makes our life easier. Yeah, we don't need to struggle so much. True. But on the other side, in terms of relying or giving the control of 1 minute to Jenny, I usually screen. Yeah, yeah, it don't in, yeah, kind. It's more for additional support.

Speaker 1 24:52 
Yeah, so you find yourself working a little more efficiently, but at the same time, you do not wish to give up control on your task to chat ability. You still want to retain control, right? Okay, okay, okay. How about your concerns? Do you have any concerns about Jenny? I.

Speaker 2 25:11 
Concern about Gai. Okay, if all our jobs will be gone when it is very efficient. I.

Speaker 1 25:20 
Think. Okay, if.

Speaker 2 25:23 
You wanna, we can answer at anything, a lot, if not a lot of things. And there will be time where probably as a professional, working professional most to be obsolete because of AI desktop export or some it platform.

Speaker 1 25:50 
Do you know, do you feel like when you're collaborating, you're working with almost like a human partner like that. Do you have that feeling?

Speaker 2 26:00 
Sometimes, you know, I just.

Speaker 1 26:04 
What we can explain a bit at what, can you just elaborate that a bit?

Speaker 2 26:08 
So for me, it's like my second hand in getting all the data. Okay. Yeah, all the excited I want, but.

Speaker 1 26:17 
Almost like a buddy, right? Like a.

Speaker 2 26:21 
But it, it will not be the second mean.

Speaker 1 26:24 
Of course. Yeah, it won't be here too. How about if let's say you've been using it, so for like slightly away. Yeah, I presume then if that's the case, then you want to give like three tips to somebody who is new to gen AI. What will you tell them?

Speaker 2 26:45 
3 tips in using it.

Speaker 1 26:48 
Effectively.

Speaker 2 26:54 
Keep asking questions until you understand. And you get what you want.

Speaker 1 27:01 
That's.

Speaker 2 27:01 
True. Double check the references. Yes. And be mindful of your prompt.

Speaker 1 27:14 
Be mindful of the prompt. Okay.

Speaker 2 27:15 
Okay. One from one word could change.

Speaker 1 27:19 
It's very true. I'm just the key thing getting anything useful. How about the a wish list we see for future version of Jenny I.

Speaker 2 27:34 
From any GNE I.

Speaker 1 27:36 
Yeah, anything, you know, what do you wish for?

Speaker 2 27:40 
Are we say it is free.

Speaker 1 27:42 
3? Yeah, of course. Other than that.

Speaker 2 27:49 
And another part, so the other part is maybe related to co pilot, because I believe this is something that needs to be embedded in depth in the programming of the Chennai. Yeah, I hope it can. People in terms of, eh, maybe there is us, there is actually a document related to your questions. Okay, but this document is not accessible because you're in this, you don't have the permission. So yeah, I hope we can touch on that point. Not necessarily enter.

Speaker 1 28:33 
I see. So it's like a log, but that's not accessible to you, is it? You want access to your own logs.

Speaker 2 28:42 
I see I'm not access to my own lock. So let's see. I'm a suit game eh? I'm s I'm a stuff I wanna, I WA I wanna get the data of how many researchers.

Speaker 1 28:56 
Yeah, all that is not available. Okay, understand, right?

Speaker 2 28:59 
Yes. So are you available for a certain people.

Speaker 1 29:03 
But not for you.

Speaker 2 29:04 
Lee? Yeah, correct. Okay. The other thing is sometimes it doesn't generate or it has a very limited output in terms of catering all the data together. Okay, and so let's see. I wanna see, hey, I wanna see all the schools in MPU with the respective numbers of lecturers and status according to gender. So assuming the data is available, usually some, a question like that will not give us a good answering. So Indian, I have to request for the numbers first, copy to Excel, create my own chat.

Speaker 1 29:49 
Okay. Okay. So this, so that kind of limitation you want addressed in your future version. sense lahmmhmmok。 Okay, I think we have come to the end of the interview, eh? But if you want to add, like, wanna share something freely about your experience using Jenny, I, you can do that. Any story, anything you want us share with us, any experience, then it's in in interesting or, you know, unusual.

Speaker 2 30:17 
Any interesting or unusual. Yeah, long, I would say it's pretty, I mean, I have limited back ID background. I would be. It is interesting to know that ChatGPT, even though it says, okay, it's safe, but actually we don't know where the data is saved or our pay, where our conversation is requested and how all the other AI like deep speech. I mean, I trying to get there yet, Paris or maybe there is, there's only a few resources saying, okay, this one is better for work purposes. Yeah, better for what purpose as a user, maybe there will be a u YouTube review comparing all those. That will be. Yeah, good.

Speaker 1 31:11 
Currently it's like you sort of figure it out yourself kind of thing.

Speaker 2 31:16 
And the purpose of cover. Com, not comment, sorry, for the purpose of within the company internally. So useful to have guidance. Okay. Yes, yes. And a strong guidance from the.

Speaker 1 31:31 
Regulatory. To sort of guide you in a, guide you in the right direction. Is it correct?

Speaker 2 31:39 
Okay. And to be honest, we're moving very fast AI. Like some of us, it's pretty difficult for most of us to catch up with the, or the development of technology. And yeah, I'm just curious how those it people can manage their work with the some set a rapid speed of.

Speaker 1 32:08 
Dynamic environment.

Speaker 2 32:11 
Cross banking, choosing, looking in Google, Facebook, do you have, yeah, can focus on it. I ask, you know, I sell or just a normal user. Yeah, I wonder how, yeah, the indirect, right? A year later, it's maybe too late. Once we end up on activity 4 is 75.

Speaker 1 32:42 
Yeah, true. Yeah, this happening very fast is, do you have any worry? I mean, you worry about how your work will change or be taken away or something like that.

Speaker 2 32:56 
Yeah, definitely. Do they so worry about it? I think everyone should, except of a very manual labor work. I watch a feed, a YouTube video, but godfather of AI, I say, yeah, yeah, you clean it if you watch it. So his advice was, get ready to be a plumber. And yeah, it will definitely improve. It will improve a lot. Security is one of the issue. To what extent it will confirm all our work of the lawyer, no artist. Yeah, we.

Speaker 1 33:40 
Don't. Yeah, I think all domains of work will undergo changes. And yeah, means the coming few years will be very challenging in that sense. Latter. Alright.

Speaker 2 33:51 
So in that sense, how we as a company make sure everyone is ready for.

Speaker 1 33:59 
It. Yes, yes. Yeah, I think that's very challenging too. Nothing else I read here. Thanks a lot for, you know, the spending time and talking to me. I, yeah, and think that's all I have for you. I look at your free survey and I think that you have indicated yes to the experimental study. So you know, there's a chance that we will meet again at the experimental component. We should be at a later time. Yeah, for this one, I just check with you. Your Paynow phone number recorded is 9,6,7,1,5,4,1,7, correct? So my colleague of mine who is on in the same team is P processing it. The turnaround is about 2 weeks. You don't hear anything in two weeks, please email me and let me know. Okay? Sure. Thanks a lot. Okay.

Speaker 2 34:56 
Hopefully my responses are useful for your reason.

Speaker 1 34:59 
Yeah, of course. Eh? Eh, every respond. Yeah, yeah, of course. It a bit worse. And you did take time to elaborate all the points. Thank you.

Speaker 2 35:07 
Alright, okay. See you. Have a good weekend. Bye bye.




受访人40:
2025-10-14 16:18:24 CST|28min 12s

Keywords:
certain information、certain papers、certain task、certain things、other users、certain area、certain types、certain level、certain role、other people、certain metric、other languages、information base、many others、other words、more information、quality information

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Okay, so it started the recording. Kenny, again, once again, thank you. And you know, I, we will start by briefly talking about yourself as a person, you know, so I think we are very keen to know more about your attitude towards technology, eh, as compared to your peer group, your background, you know, what are you doing currently, you know, and so on. So let's start from there.

Speaker 2 00:29 
Okay. So I'm Kenny. I'm currently a year TTP student at NTU. I'm doing research on  wing and Mandarin vehicles. So with respect to the question about technology with RES, in terms of technology as in hardware side, I think I'm more or less on par with my peers. Software site, I'm still not as adept at using generative AI as my peers.

Speaker 1 00:57 
Would you consider yourself like one of the early adopters of any new technology or do you wait until a few of your friends have started using it? How will you rate yourself earlier?

Speaker 2 01:09 
I would say like the second batch, like the batch right after early adopters.

Speaker 1 01:16 
Understand. Okay. Alright, I see that. What's your background in.

Speaker 2 01:21 
Aerospace engineering?

Speaker 1 01:23 
Okay, engineering. And how about your regular use of gen AI? Which tool are you using currently?

Speaker 2 01:34 
Chat GBT and co.

Speaker 1 01:35 
Pilot for pilot and ChatGPT. Okay. Alright. I notice that you have indicated that you're not using any paid version, right? So currently you using the free version? Okay, okay. Alright. How frequently do you think you use it? Let's say every day, you know.

Speaker 2 01:56 
Every two days or three days.

Speaker 1 01:58 
Yeah, okay. Every two days or three days. Alright, yeah, now I'm gonna go into the kind of task that you use it for. Okay, so we interested to know why do you use it? What task do you use it for? So we will start with that and then we'll go into that out. Okay. Okay. First of all, can you roughly tell me whether the use of ChatGPT or even co pilot is strictly for your studies, your work related task, or is it for personal task or is it a mix of both?

Speaker 2 02:37 
It's mostly for work. I use it mostly as a advantage engineer to help me to gather my thoughts for my research. Occasionally, I use it for some personal purposes, but mostly is for work.

Speaker 1 02:47 
Yeah, mostly. Yeah, mostly. So you would say more than half of the time you're using it for work now?

Speaker 2 02:52 
Yeah, probably like 70%. Understand?

Speaker 1 02:54 
70%. Okay, that's good. Now I'm gonna run you through the task as Sasha. So can you give me an example of your work related task that you rely on chat, GBT or co pilot for?

Speaker 2 03:10 
Wait, so one very good example I feel is that the for research, I think at the moment, Web of science or Google Scholar are the standard, but sometime it can be very difficult to find the papers that I need. So I use Chat GBD to help me to collate the relevant papers in the relevant fields because it can be a lot more specific compared to using Google Scholar.

Speaker 1 03:34 
I see. Yeah, so you find it helpful because it can do the collision of all the various information that you need. Paper section. Okay, okay. Alright, so now let's go into, you know, the actual mechanics of how you use it up. So you mentioned that you find it more useful than Google Scholar search. Yes. So can you be a bit more specific? Can you, you know, say, for example, in what ways or where exactly you find this tool more helpful than a Google Scholar.

Speaker 2 04:14 
Okay, so for example, if I wanna a paper on specifically on an aircraft of like, for example, 1 meter wing span, I wouldn't be able to find it to Google Scholar because Google Scholar, they don't they'll normally the your keywords I is only identify in maybe the abstract and the title. And then Google's color, they also rank your searches base on number of views or citation or like based on a certain metric. But sometimes the papers that I need on I'm not very like well cited. Like I need stuff that is not well cited at all. Yeah, so I think there is one very key difference. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1 04:57 
I understand. So. Okay. So, you know, let me just go back to the initial stage. People to major motivation for using ChatGPT, say for for as compared to the use of like, like a search tool like Google Scholar, you know, or even Google. So Google, what prompted you to get started?

Speaker 2 05:23 
I think the, because initially I have worries on, but on the credibility and also the security issue of GDP. So I didn't use it at first. Then there are two factors. One was all my peers were using it and my peer pressure is one. Then the other one would be the fact that I wasn't finding what I needed to find with Google Spots. Yeah, so that prompted me to try hgbd because that was like the most the one that most people are using. So I decide to start with that first.

Speaker 1 05:57 
Now we're going to into the process of using. So before you start your work, what you ChatGPT, you mention it's good at certain things like identifying those papers that are not so well cited, but very focused on the specific, you know, I, I either the context that you're looking for and so on, right? So instead you mention it's very good.

Speaker 1 06:20 
Now let's talk about, you know, I, I, I, how you prepare, how you get started on a particular interaction with activity, let's say assign. Let's take for example, one of the task that you just mention, looking for collating certain papers on a very special, very highly specialized area of research or something like that. What is your starting point? How do you get structure?

Speaker 2 06:46 
Like, what do I do before I.

Speaker 1 06:49 
Yeah, from misleading preparation, how do you get started? The initial.

Speaker 2 06:54 
I would say that, let's say I need certain information, so I will like right now and comment what are the information I need, right? Try to craft the prom in a way that chat GBT will understand me. Yeah, then that's it. I think that's the whole workflow. So yeah.

Speaker 1 07:10 
Prompt, crafting of the prompt is your first step. LA, you activate your thoughts into a prompt and then, and that's where you s get started.

Speaker 2 07:18 
That's correct.

Speaker 1 07:20 
I is it possible that you know, the task that you assign to charge GPT, you kind of cut it up. Do you usually cut it up into smaller parts?

Speaker 2 07:31 
Maybe two parts? Yeah, two.

Speaker 1 07:32 
Parts, 2%. Okay. And eh, now when you do that, do you ask Chat GBT to assume a certain role or do you just provide the question straight away?

Speaker 2 07:50 
Most of them I provide the question.

Speaker 1 07:53 
Straight away. How do you consider using asking ChatGPT to assume, let's say, the role of a teacher or a, or a evaluator or something like that. Have you ever considered that or you do you use it.

Speaker 2 08:09 
Often? I don't know. That's a good point. I never I haven't tried it yet. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1 08:14 
Just checking. Alright. Now the prompt that you mention in terms of the level of complexity of the prompt, do you think the first time round you provide enough information for ChatGPT to answer your question?

Speaker 2 08:29 
Most of the time, I think I provide like maybe 80% of what CGP team will from me. Then I will reply. There's normally how it goes. Yeah, so there's.

Speaker 1 08:39 
Sufficient information straight away. 80%. Okay. Okay. When you normally run your questions through ChatGPT, what is your assessment of the capability of ChatGPT to handle that question? How good do you think chargeability is in handling that particular type of question that you provide?

Speaker 2 09:05 
I was saying on the scale of 1 to 10 is about seven. There are certain types of questions that future GPT are better. So, and then there's certain type of question that I think so GBD just unable to said the woman.

Speaker 1 09:22 
You have a, you gave me example for the task that he just good at. How about those that you think they're not so good at?

Speaker 2 09:31 
So not so good would be, I have tried using it for coding, for engineering purposes. It's not very good at comprehending equations at the moment. Yeah, it can still give me the wrong equation.

Speaker 1 09:47 
Alright. You know, if let's say there's a task that you want help, you know, from s fringe activity, but you are a bit unfamiliar with that task yourself, are not sure? Sure. If that's the case, then what? How will you get started? What did you ask ChatGPT to do first? For the answer, media.

Speaker 2 10:10 
The time I was not familiar with, I think, one of my programming task. So I ask ChatGPT, then I give it an example code on right and then ask it to base off, base it off of that. Then I will take the code that gives to me and I'll run it and then I'll try to debug in, see if I can get the code working with the help of Chat GBT. I see.

Speaker 1 10:32 
So there's a little bit of a back and forth. You start somewhere and then you refine, you use it, you test it and you come back. Okay. Okay. I want to elaborate on that part a bit. So, you know, talking about trust building, so you start with a certain level of task. What do you think your initial ta trust level on ChatGPT is? Roughly? What percentage would that be on an average?

Speaker 2 10:59 
Six out.

Speaker 1 11:01 
Out of 10. 6 out of 10. Okay. Now, in some of these cases, when you interact with chat apt, have you ever found some evidence of this trust going up, down, you know, in some ways.

Speaker 2 11:17 
For the research paper kind of task where you need more of a searching or like quality information. I think my trust has got now because the more I use it, the more I find there is more or less in line with what I think is happening. But for coding, especially engineering and math and that kind of thing, recently my trust has gone down because, okay, yeah, I'm guiding more my FYP students and then because he's younger than me, so he's been using HBD longer in his undergrad, so he trusts tragically more than me. But then I found a very critical error in the formulation by GPT. So that's where my trust went down. But particularly for discount task, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1 12:02 
Okay. So it's a mixed bag. In other words, sometimes for certain task it has improved and in certain task it hasn't. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now you know what about your validation of categories? For example, you ask a question, you said you give enough information, you get answers. Now I wanna know what do you do with these answers, you know, after you get the so called response from chat GBT, what is your typical post interaction behavior? You go and check on it again, something else. What do you do?

Speaker 2 12:36 
Most of the time, I at least read through. I see. Give a sanity check, right? I read if the content makes sense. Yes. And then for the math, I do a quick check and I see if the math is correct or not.

Speaker 1 12:50 
Do you normally do like a web based verification, validation kind of thing, but you take what chat DBD said and then go and check it against, let's say, like a paper, academic paper or an academic source or a textbook or something like that. Do you.

Speaker 2 13:07 
Do that? Used to do that before I transferred it more. I.

Speaker 1 13:11 
See. Okay. Okay. There was a time. So now you find that you don't need to do that kind of validation. I see. Okay. Now, yeah. Have there been any instances where ChatGPT looked or sounded like it's unsure and kept asking you for more information? You know, oh, oh, oh, it made it clear that the context is not very clear to ChatGPT. Please give me more information.

Speaker 2 13:38 
I think once or twice, but that might have just been my prom being very vague.

Speaker 1 13:42 
I see. So you feel it's your problem rather than strategy? Okay. Okay. And now, how about the confidence that ChatGPT projects? Do you find the answers always very confident, or does tragedy sound a little unsure?

Speaker 2 14:02 
ChatGPT mostly sounds very confident, right? They confident. I wonder if it's just the programming behind.

Speaker 1 14:10 
Yeah, true. Okay. Now we talking about the iterative behavior that the way you use chat ability, you said this, it's like a process of refinement and so on. Can you describe your iterative interaction, the typical iterative interaction? So you said 80% of the information required you give upfront, right? And then you, most of the time you get a fairly, okay, satisfactory answers, right? So how many steps do you think you have to go through before you're completed? You s have a sense of completion, you satisfy and in you kind of wrap it up.

Speaker 2 14:46 
Most of the time is maybe two or three maximum unless the topic is very complicated. But normally it's just asking it for table or asking it to maybe refine on a certain area. Yeah.

Speaker 1 15:00 
Okay, okay. We interested to know whether are you familiar with use of control gates as in say, do not proceed and unless I tell you to do this, lock some information and is, do you use that kind of Gates.

Speaker 2 15:14 
Thing very rarely? Yeah, ash, ash.

Speaker 1 15:20 
Okay. Alright. Do you ask for summarization of information from check CPT?

Speaker 2 15:29 
Yes, I do. Occasionally.

Speaker 1 15:32 
I notice from your interview that you did not Mark translation. So I presume because of your proficiency in English language, you do not really rely on ChatGPT FOSA for translation, kind of.

Speaker 2 15:45 
Well, I have tested it with other languages and I think at the moment is like not what I yeah, I think it's still not there. Yeah, I should yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1 15:57 
In terms of translation now. Okay. Yes. Okay. What is your, what is your queue to stop the interaction? You know, either you stop when you have gotten the results that you're expecting or when you feel like this is just going in an endless loop and there is no resolution. So I think you're satisfied or not satisfied, but what is that particular trigger for you to stop metrics?

Speaker 2 16:27 
I think there are cases both. Most of the time is I'm satisfy what I need. There'll be a couple of times when like depending on the topic, I will ask who ask chat GPD and I'll be like, but this not what I need. So I just stop.

Speaker 1 16:44 
Okay. So most of the time you're satisfied, you get what you need, and then you s just stop the interaction. Okay, now we're going to go into how critical the answers you get from ChatGPT is for your decision making. Okay, we going into that aspect. So you just assuming that you got a fairly satisfactory answer from chat GBT, my question is, to what extent do you think this answer from ChatGPT impact on your work as the your decision, you know, how does it influence? Again, you can give me a rough percentage or you can just be descriptive about it.

Speaker 2 17:26 
So I don't quite understand the question.

Speaker 1 17:29 
You know it. To what extent does the result that you receive from chat GBT help in actually accomplishing the one thing?

Speaker 2 17:37 
Understand, I think maybe like a seven or eight of them. I mean.

Speaker 1 17:40 
That's pretty good. Okay. Okay. And have you actually observed any changes in your performance or your output or throughput after you started using ChatGPT as a tool.

Speaker 2 17:53 
I will say my efficiency maybe going up by like 10% because I don't use it as short term as most of my friends.

Speaker 1 18:00 
But it has improved long. Yeah, by around 10. That's good. That's good. Now, have there been any instances where ChatGPT actually changed your perspective so completely that you went in a different direction than when you started initially? As in, did it kind of divert your thoughts, process in a different direction, Evan?

Speaker 2 18:23 
I think. No, no, never, not drastically.

Speaker 1 18:26 
Knows to take sense. Okay. Now I'm gonna go into the, the almost the last part. So this is about what are your challenges using Chat GBT, you know, because you know, it's even it's an evolving tool. And I wanna know whether when you interact with ChatGPT, do you consider the AI agent as almost as a human partner or a colleague or somebody that you can sound off ideas and so on. Do you have that feeling?

Speaker 2 18:57 
Sometimes it almost feels that way. But then, but when I BA, basically if I don't prompt, as if I'm prompting to a AI about right, the answers you get not exactly what you want. So I think to that, and no, I still need to craft my answers in a way that my prompts in a way that cgbd can understand me.

Speaker 1 19:22 
That is true. So in that sense, you still treat it, treat it as computer program rather than human. I would say.

Speaker 2 19:28 
Maybe in between, like in between.

Speaker 1 19:32 
So in that sense, I would, can I then assume that then when you interact with chargeability, it's still like a little bit more human than maybe interacting with like just a Google search bar.

Speaker 2 19:45 
Yeah, definitely.

Speaker 1 19:48 
Okay. Okay. Now, what are your visions for this ChatGPT for the future? How would you wish this evolves? You know, until you just mention your. Productivity has gone up in a 10% maybe like until you find this is like an indispensable productivity tool for you to rely on. What do you envision? Assume that there are no barriers, LA, you know, assume that if you could have a wish list, what would you.

Speaker 2 20:14 
Wish? I really wish that the stem portion is like the calculation and searching options will be much better. Like now, I think it's still a bit, it still has a long way to go before it becomes truly trustable. Yeah, and to the point where I don't need to adopt it anymore.

Speaker 1 20:39 
Okay. But this is question about some guides or tips for other users. But I know you kind of put yourself down as an intermediate user, not like a very advanced user. But even despite that, if you were to give like a top 3 tips for somebody who is totally uninitiated to check DPT to effectively user this tool. What would that be? One of? Up to three tips. Let's say.

Speaker 2 21:06 
This could solve you weird, but I think the first step would be don't trust everything that it tells you. Because the reason I see that is because if you trusted holy, right, sometimes even you on the off chance it fits you the wrong thing, you're not will catch it. Then the second thing would be to craft your prompts clearly. Yeah, because I think prompting is a, if your prompts are not clear or you use the wrong word, it will lead you in a different direction from what you intended. I think the tip, I don't really have any other tips actually. Yeah, it's.

Speaker 1 21:42 
Alright. Yeah, thanks. I think that's valuable already. Now, you know, have you had any experiences of AI hallucination while using that two will not be show whatever. Did you ever have that?

Speaker 2 21:55 
I think so, yes, like once or twice, but that was before. I think those people charge GB for. Yeah, I think after this one, yeah, it should be fine now. So.

Speaker 1 22:05 
You haven't had any bloopers as such, LA, can you remember this one episode where you had this nonsense.

Speaker 2 22:11 
Results? I think I can't really remember the details, but I remember I asked it something, but I didn't give me anything close to what I was asking. So.

Speaker 1 22:19 
This is the earlier version LA. So maybe, yeah. Okay. So, and do you have any concerns about the use of chat ability? What are your major worries about it?

Speaker 2 22:30 
I think my worries is not regard, my main worry is not regarding ChatGPT itself, is more of the users that I worry that, I mean, experiments are over relying and then we forget how to do. Yeah, yeah, cannot. Yeah, our own critical thinking.

Speaker 1 22:45 
Yeah, that's a great point. I agree with that. Okay. Okay. Now, you know, I just coming back, I think we're almost done. Probably another 10,15 minutes. I'm just going through your survey. And you know, we had this assessment of your anxiety, AI anxiety and also algorithm aversion. So, and then I realize that your aversion is more or less on of between 4 and 5, you know, mostly 4 and so on. And your anxiety is definitely there.

Speaker 1 23:17 
Now, these two things are, I think as far as you know, as a researcher from of coming from me, my personal perspective, I think these are two good things because it gives you that safeguard against blind trust in AI, you know, and that over reliance and so on. So my question is, you know, these, how, what do you, what is, what are your perspectives on being so guarded? You know, like you have this AI anxiety. You said that you sometimes feel very anxious working with AI, you know your anxieties really? And how does this anxiety influence the way you use it?

Speaker 2 23:59 
Exciting. Yes. Then sorry.

Speaker 1 24:01 
So you, you and yeah, and set you questions mostly strongly agree. And so, you see, I sometimes feel uneasy and anxious when working with the gen AI, you know, and you also say, I feel tense when I re when I try, have to try out new AI features and.

Speaker 2 24:22 
A service issue, there's two fronts, right? One is that the, you not sure of the robustness of the tool yet. I think that's one. And the second is that I just feel that not knowing. I mean, of course, we sign the agreements and everything, but not knowing what goes on behind the scenes, where the data goes, what they do about data is one concern. Like what if, I mean, I don't think they'll do it, but what if I prompt something about maybe a emerging technology, right? For examples? And then ChatGPT is actually feeding the information to a rival company or arrival research institute. Then what would they do with the information? So to this point, I have not really prompted anything about my research, as in like my core parts of the research yet, because I don't know what they will do with this information, right? Even if they don't explicitly feedback, what if they use it to train their new models? And then it helps to prompt other people to go along the same track. Yeah, so that's my worry.

Speaker 1 25:32 
Understand. I think it's a valid concern as well. How about your algorithm version? It basically, you know, like when I read through your survey, it seems to me that you, like many others working in science and technology, believe that if you have the option of using a human expert, I suppose to agent generative AI agent, you would rely on the te human expert.

Speaker 2 25:59 
Yeah, because at least with the human expert, you can call a real conversation. You can talk about things that I think at the moment chat gbd is unable to do. Yeah, cuz chat gbd, oh, is really fully information base. There is no opinion, there is no experience, so to speak, right? Yeah, it's purely Torre theoretical. Yeah, it's true.

Speaker 1 26:24 
Okay. Now, if you just a couple of questions. This is on agency. I think from what you've been talking to me about the way you use, it seems to me that you put yourself in the driving seat when you use gen AI rather than you get led by gen AI. That's what I understand. So, eh, eh, eh. Would you agree with that?

Speaker 2 26:50 
Yes, I agree.

Speaker 1 26:52 
So I think it also, sh probably shows your confidence as a specialist in your domain as opposed to Jenny. I, so you're very clear about what you're good at and what Jenny I can do for you. So you don't totally submit the entire problem as something that Jenny I should solve for, you know, and then you take the lead. Okay. Okay. Anything else to add about your experiences with on your a use of gen AI or any other interesting experiences you've had? Anything else you wanna share?

Speaker 2 27:23 
No, I think that's all. Yeah, I think the questions were quite complete.

Speaker 1 27:28 
Yeah, Kenny, I see that you provided a mobile number. I just repeat it just to ensure your correctness. You know, your payments are will be processed on a weekly basis. So I suspect that this week, since yours is the first interview I schedule, so most probably, it probably come through next weekend is what I feel. Or you don't hear anything next week. And after next weekend, do drop me an email. It's done by a colleague of mine from the same team. Yeah, so your number is 9,3,6,2,2,9,5,8.

Speaker 2 28:01 
Yes, that's correct. And 3,6,2,2,9.

Speaker 1 28:03 
Right? And just verify. Okay, thanks a lot, Kenny. I think you have a good day.

Speaker 2 28:08 
Thank you. Have a good thing. Bye bye.




受访人41:
2025-10-14 16:18:01 CST|52min 47s

Keywords:
good things、good point、good code、certain things、same thing、second thing、good enough thing、general point、interesting thing、right thing、fun thing、confidence thing、language thing、whole thing、exploration thing、promotional things、more information、next question

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:00 
Okay, okay, start, let's start with yourself. Barra, can you please give me a brief account of you as a person? What is your background? What do you do currently?

Speaker 2 00:13 
Yeah, so yeah, my name is borrow I from small state from India called Kerala from the southern part of India from preventive. I did my bachelors and masters in physics. Now I'm pursuing a PhD. In theoretical optics and my broad interests. I mean, I used to have a lot of interest where I used to do a lot of things, but now I don't get time to do much stuff. It's just work and just rest. So other than that, yeah, I like to hang out with people. Yeah, that's about it. I have a boring like.

Speaker 1 00:58 
Okay, okay. Barra, you, you know, I'm interested to know a bit more about your technology adoption patterns, you know, so question is, if you compare yourself with your peers. Would you say that you are one of the first people who would adopt something new like Jenny? Yeah, yes.

Speaker 2 01:21 
Yes.

Speaker 1 01:21 
Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then. So moving on, let's go into, you know, the specific use. Do you, I see from your pre interview that you do not subscribe to any of the Gen a I tools. Is it true?

Speaker 2 01:41 
Did I see that the did I say I didn't subscribe?

Speaker 1 01:45 
Do you have a subscription?

Speaker 2 01:47 
Oh, okay. Currently I do not, like I used to, but then they stopped. And I can't say that I don't have it because.

Speaker 1 01:59 
I, it's my mistake. You said that you do subscribe. Yes, the answer. And.

Speaker 2 02:05 
I have subscribe currently. I mean, you, these companies, they give out like one year free for the students and alright, you know, the promotional things they do. Okay, so I'm under one of those. So okay, I'm currently not paying for it, but I am using update service as.

Speaker 1 02:27 
Okay. Okay, so a couple of questions. So, which are the tools that you use more frequently them?

Speaker 2 02:36 
So coding, my work completely relies on like theoretical computation.

Speaker 1 02:42 
There are so like us, Gemini, change, deep sink, which one do you use more frequently?

Speaker 2 02:49 
I think there is anthropics cloud. Do you know about that? Anthropics? No, I'm not sure that. Okay, so there is a company called anthropic and they have a AI model called cloud. And it is primarily like software engineer hum oriented. So it's primarily for the coding kind of things. According that it's useful. It's according I, yeah, it's according to, I primarily use that. Sometimes I do switch to that GPT Gemini, not so much deep seek when it came out, it was really good and I did use it for a long time. But after which I they didn't I didn't see much improvement in their AI compared to other. So I, oh, I don't use Deep Sick at all.

Speaker 1 03:36 
Okay. Okay. So it's more, sorry, get, let me take the on the name that I think it is new to me. I don't think I have milk, but what's the name again?

Speaker 2 03:46 
I, it's I just put in said, yeah.

Speaker 1 03:54 
It is an LLM base to like presume is it LLM?

Speaker 2 03:57 
Yes, it yeah, it is LM Base. So anthropic is the name of the company and cloud is the.

Speaker 1 04:03 
Oh, the cloud. Okay, okay. Now, okay, we're going to go into the various task you seek help with from your cloud or in Jenni. Okay, so the rest of the questions that I ask, you can base it on the most frequently used scenario, whichever one it may be. You mention that you use it for coding mostly, so it can be base coding, it can be based on any other work that you do on a regular basis. Currently in a week, what how frequently do you use the tools you mention, colonel.

Speaker 2 04:48 
In GPT? Baby, take me from every. Can I go to work?

Speaker 1 04:53 
Every day. Currently. Are you working, by the way? You're a PhD candidate full.

Speaker 2 04:57 
Time? Yeah, I am. I have a PhD candidate. Full time, right? If I'm a full time pH can. Yes.

Speaker 1 05:05 
Okay. So based on this coding that you mention that you every day use. So one of the, I mean, I, I, we're going to delve a bit more into the how do you use the pattern of use. So I want to know, you know, before you start an interaction, before you decide that you want to run something through ChatGPT or cloud more. Do you do some preparation or do you prepare something beforehand or you draft your prompt and how do you get started?

Speaker 2 05:42 
So depends on the problem that I'm working on. Okay, and the sense that suppose I have been given a very new task and I have very limited knowledge about it. And so in that sense, I just go blindly to the AI tools and say, okay, what is this towards this? Can you do with this? Is it being done? So it's a, it's a first, it's an exploration thing.

Speaker 2 06:08 
After some time, I would have some idea in my mind as to then my prompts get more and more restricted, more and more specific. I'd say I want this and the last step of my workflow doesn't involve way, right? I mean, I use a, a to the point where I get to work and okay, it's working now. And the last part is just not using AI at all. It's just going through it and seeing if it's, yeah, if it's there, if whatever it's correct, is it there? Because these LLMs, they're just trying to do one thing, that is to give you the answer. Yeah, and they will, especially encoding, they will do all sorts of cheating methods to give you that answer.

Speaker 2 06:54 
So I found out that really late and nowadays after I have a about the full code, I know it's working, I manually go into check every line. It's like, okay, does it make sense? Does it make sense? So yeah, that's how it is. Okay.

Speaker 1 07:11 
Okay. Barry, you mentioned something about your use when you are unfamiliar with the task. If let's say something that you already know about, you have some understanding, then how do you start?

Speaker 2 07:26 
If I have some understanding, I would still use AI, but it would be in a more measured way.

Speaker 1 07:34 
Measure little bit. Can you give me an example, something?

Speaker 2 07:39 
Yeah, sure. So I was writing this code and I was having problem with this one thing and I went to am and said, you know, you have try to implement this. And eh was like, oh, we can do this. You know, people do this. This is a very, and since I knew about the whatever is doing as like, no, don't do it. Just do this you to do, I don't want you to do all that. Just do this. So that's what happens when I still know. Yeah, I don't know if I'm lazy because even though I know something, I still have the AI do it because I'm getting too lazy to write code.

Speaker 1 08:29 
Okay. And I think that's perfectly fine. I think a lot of the users do that. But let me just summarize what you just said. When you already know enough about the problem and you still ask for help from s gen AI. It tends to take you through different options, which probably not all of which are, is relevant to what you're doing. Is that what you're telling me? And then you have to tell them to screen off or filter off some of the stuff that it gave and focus on some that you think or you know will work. Am I right?

Speaker 2 09:01 
I wouldn't say that it doesn't give irrelevant information. Yes, relevant inter information. But yeah, that's not the ultimate goal of what we're trying to find something the, it's like, okay, do this. It works. I know the how it works. Why do I want to bring in a new technique which I don't know? Then I that also I have to learn. And ultimately, if both algorithms do the same thing, what as like, okay, just even if it's bad, it's fine. Just write it this way so that I can understand. And the final pass.

Speaker 1 09:33 
So you try to guide it to the areas that you're comfortable with.

Speaker 2 09:37 
Yes, yes, yes. Okay, understand.

Speaker 1 09:40 
Okay. You know, when you interact with the Jenni tool, do you, are you in the habit of breaking up the task into smaller units? Yes, you do that. Can you give me an example of that?

Speaker 2 09:56 
So recently, I think. I had to write a link, big piece of code and it's like a thousand ninth of. And you can, the AI can write thousand lines of code. I mean, that sounds far enough that it can write thousand lines of code, but I don't like to do it.

Speaker 2 10:20 
In a sense, there are two points why I don't like it. No. 1 is that when it tends to write longer pieces of code, it tends to lose more information. Either they just, it's not going to be as perfect as it is, this right thing, like a small piece of road. And the second point is that it's such trouble to go through all thousand lines of code at once. Yeah, that's, I'd rather have it built up piece by piece. I know if even if it has to, you know, sometimes there is no choice, it will give a lot of code and I don't like it. But I would want to do it step by step. But there are situations that I understand that, you know, you can't break it up into small parts. You can write a part of something and call it a whole. You need to the full drink. So sometimes I do understand, but I try to work which model pieces are called at that time. Yeah, so that.

Speaker 1 11:20 
Okay. Yeah, I think I get the scenario. So you were saying that if you do not partition, then it tends to provide you with a big chunk. And sometimes this is certain details that you want incorporated. Is that what you mentioned?

Speaker 2 11:35 
Yes. Okay. Yeah, it misses detail and also it misses some of the nuance that we want. Out of it.

Speaker 1 11:45 
Okay. Okay. So in your inter regular interaction, especially in this co coding, C coding related work, do you find ChatGPT particularly very clever or good at certain tasks, certain things? What will they be?

Speaker 2 12:04 
I do. I mean.

Speaker 1 12:06 
You don't think so?

Speaker 2 12:07 
Not, I don't think I have found ChatGPT to be. ChatGPT is a very general purpose would ignore. Yeah, I.

Speaker 1 12:14 
Didn't mean chat ppt. I meant, yeah, it could be clawed or one of them. It's over. Yes.

Speaker 2 12:19 
So.

Speaker 1 12:20 
Sorry, I just to set the contact, the questions I ask, I may use chat DPD in a generic way, but what I mean is the whichever tool that you're using, okay, we're not focused on the tool so much. Yeah, continue.

Speaker 2 12:31 
Okay, so do I find it clever in the sense, is it trying to be manipulative?

Speaker 1 12:38 
No, I mean, that. Is it a good. I think clever. Are you used in a good sense? Is it like particular good or better than you or, you know, yeah, in a way, very skillful at certain things.

Speaker 2 12:52 
It's a, yeah, I have noticed it's a dilemma because I know it can go better than me. Yeah, I clearly know. Yes, I, I, I know. I, yeah, I know because it can write something in like two or three minutes, which might take me like one or two days. And even that I have to Google around. And but the dilemma is that with something so good can produce very bad results. And you're like astonished by the duality of it. Clearly it can write good code and, but I don't know what it actually needs to write the like the best version of Pixel. So it's good in the sense that maybe it needs the guidance only with good guidance, I think you can get good code. And with complicated questions, you really need like really good prompt engineering to get like the best results from it. So ultimately I think it depends on you.

Speaker 1 13:58 
Absolutely. Okay. So I think I get the point you're making. You're basically saying that it is good in coding because it is very fast. It can probably produce code for a fairly complex problem very quickly, much more quick, much more faster than yourself or something like that link.

Speaker 2 14:18 
More than fastness, it's more efficient. Also efficient in the sense it attracts better code in the sense that the whatever code it rights runs faster. It uses less memory. I see for me, I would write the bare bonds version, then I would have to go through iteratively what can I make better. Okay, this. And then I'll have to go to the internet. How do you make this better? Implement that logic I have to iteratively make it better and better. Yeah, since it's trained on like really good code and we just seen all the code in the, so it knows the best ones. Okay, it can just use. That's what I mean.

Speaker 1 14:57 
Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. How about the. Other side of it. I mean, we're talking about the good things. What about those task or those work that you assign to your Jenny, I that it does very badly, as in, you know, it doesn't do well there. Can you give me examples of that some task that your Jenni is not good at? That's right. If if you do have, if you don't have, that's fine.

Speaker 2 15:30 
Okay. I mean, earlier I used to have, but this AI tools are like advancing at a very rapid pace, right? You know, people still say that, oh, ChatGPT gives bad references and it nowadays, the number of bad references that uses like drop tremendously. And people are discussing about the ChatGPT one year ago and from there to here in just one year. Yes, it's amazing. Something it's bad at.

Speaker 1 16:02 
I mean, you have experience in it, but right, it's okay if you can't anything. Okay, I just because the question is.

Speaker 2 16:09 
It has it it has given bad code and all it has sometimes it just fails to understand. Maybe that's the negative. It.

Speaker 1 16:18 
Failed. And you, and the context you're providing, is that what you mean? Yes.

Speaker 2 16:22 
Yes. Okay. Okay, good. Sometimes I, that is, I find it so frustrating because I will give the same prompt again and again. I see and it just fails to understand it. I see. I'm like, and then I have to give examples. Then I have to leave the whole thing and I have to start fresh, at which point it probably, it's like, okay, I get what you're saying. And sometimes you just can't get your, I don't know if it's a language thing or whatever I'm discussing is a, requires much more nuance, but sometimes it just can't. That's the bad experience I had with.

Speaker 1 17:03 
Requirements that you try to explain. Is it? Oh, oh, try.

Speaker 2 17:06 
To, yes, prompt. You can explain how have explain detail, have explained in like paragraphs and paragraphs of what I actually want, but it doesn't get it. Okay. And the.

Speaker 1 17:19 
Communication breakdown sometimes you encounter while using, is it something that, yeah, about context or the problem you're trying to describe it to us, trying to explain. Yeah, one, but it doesn't understand. Is it okay?

Speaker 2 17:31 
Yeah, and apparently I've heard this is that the once the AI gets something into its memory, it's really hard to erase it and so will increase the take and further responses will keep it in its memory. And there are those kind of issues.

Speaker 1 17:52 
So in this case, since you have a this understanding that it can generate efficient, good quality code. And but at the same very same time, it also sometimes fails to understand the problem context or the requirement that you specify. Very bearing this in mind, how do you then craft your prompt? Because you have this understanding that it is good enough thing, but it has these disadvantages or drawbacks or limitations. How do, yeah, so given all this understanding, how will you decide on your strategy? How do you go about my.

Speaker 2 18:31 
Prompt? I found that giving examples in pounds is like, first I need to give the background. It's like, okay, this is what we're doing. This is what we're doing this. And at this point, you shouldn't not bring very technical terms into it.

Speaker 2 18:52 
Okay, suppose, because I've noticed that at least from my side, if I'm working with light or theoretical optics and simulation and light, yeah, and I'm working it from a very algorithmic point of view. S the moment I say something about light or something, it just holds in all information from lights. And it's gone with the, yes, the message and like, okay, I don't want to bring all that. I just want to do this. So I'm very careful when I give prompts so as to not make it confused about something else. Yeah, second thing is I would say step by step. Okay, this is what I want. Yeah, in steps.

Speaker 2 19:42 
Then let's do an example as to suppose this is where this is whatever to give us an input. Step 1 will produce this, step 2 should produce this, step 3 should produce this. And then there are a lot of error connection code like don't. Code too much. Like it likes to code a lot as like, I'm like, okay, just in a very pro code in a very fundamental way, simplified way.

Speaker 2 20:11 
Then what are some other error corrections? Okay, everything has to be logical. It has to make sense from a physical point of view. You add those lines in just to make sure that.

Speaker 1 20:24 
So I guess in a way you control this interaction using certain checkpoints or control gates. You say, okay, don't go further than this or do on only. Yeah, okay. I think I understand. How about using role assignment? Have you tried telling your clock to look at something from the perspective of maybe a marker evaluator?

Speaker 2 20:58 
Yes, I have it. You have?

Speaker 1 21:02 
Can you pick it? But when you did this.

Speaker 2 21:05 
I WA, I was writing something and my professor is very particular about language. Anna citing something. It was not coming as well, but I wanted to write it for some reason. Yeah, I don't want the AI to write. Yes, going in and everything is, it's not an essay you have to play that. You can just pull it off the internet and. Right. Yeah, you have to do right what you're doing. So I wrote the whole thing, but the cohesiveness and the structure didn't make really sense to me. Okay. And stress like, okay, imagine that you're a professor looking at this word. What all would you want to me to explain more? What all should I, and one time I also did this thing where I had a quiz coming up. And so I've, after studying, I was like, okay, I wanted to practice on some questions and I knew from like someone was saying that the professor puts questions from the old question papers, okay, and he changes them every time. So I just downloaded the question papers, I gave it to him. Assume you're a professor. How will you change these questions to, yeah, make more sense? So those sorts of role links.

Speaker 1 22:24 
You have list. Yeah, I think interesting. Okay. Okay. Now I'm gonna go into your trust of AI. I see that, you know, when you talk about trust in AI, when you first started, you said you're an earlier doctor of technology. So in the case of generative AI, what was your level of trust before you started using? You can give me a rough percentage.

Speaker 2 22:50 
Actually, it was very high earlier days, it wasn't the 75. I was really trusting of it because it was such something very new. Yeah, and now it's gone down over here. Now it's like 40 percentage. So it is.

Speaker 1 23:08 
Actually reduce your trust level has gone down after use. Is it?

Speaker 2 23:13 
It's from 75. Crazy because yeah, it the AI systems had gone better, but my trust in them had decreased because are you use it for a long time and you obviously see the mistakes it makes. And sometimes I think this is one time that I generated a bunch of theory, the help of AI. I didn't look into it and all, but I went to, I went and showed it to my person and for some reason it's like, this is just not good. And he started pointing out the mistakes and all. And I was like, oh , man. You know this in u, UK, if you had sit sat down and did it, you would have clearly saw this. I mean, why do you even check it? I felt so stupid that day of. So there were like some experiences like this. Okay, there, it will give a wrong piece of code. I will go show it to the professor process. He would check the code basically. But then at a later point, I will check. Yeah, I'll be like others. Dismessage, this is mistake. I showed it to him. What would have happened if he had checked the code and she saw it? Yeah, so that I've been, yeah, that's the thing.

Speaker 1 24:29 
You, so you've had that kind of experiences. So.

Speaker 2 24:32 
That's, yeah, I've had a lot of experiences where I know these are perfect, which is, yeah.

Speaker 1 24:39 
So I think you kind of answered some of the following questions, but I'm gonna ask these questions anyway. So what we wanna know is your, after you get your output, did, are you in the habit of verifying the correctness of the output? How often you do it? How do, how do you check? How often do you check?

Speaker 2 25:00 
How do I check? How often do I check s? Okay, suppose it's like a really important work that it's something really central to the whatever I'm doing. I would first have my objective completed. I have to make sure it, yeah, then I will actually go through every lander coded route. Yeah, so every time it lines writes a piece of code, which I'm sure there's like, okay, I'm going to put it out somewhere for people to see. I will make sure that every line of the code is like I have read each and every line of the port. I'll have to make sure that.

Speaker 2 25:43 
The second thing is even for assignments that they will have us use, Jenny Snr is there also. I still like to read it. Yeah, I still like, but I'm less nitpicky about the salt. I'm less nitpicky about the what it gives. If it give gets the general point across, I'm like, okay, fine, but I'll still like to read it and please that I don't check there.

Speaker 2 26:19 
And so set dollars, general queries, you know, people use chat, Gbts, Google these days. I mean, I use chat, Gbts, Google these days. Yes. And so gives, you know, so maybe a new summary. It says, okay, this is the summary of the news that happened. Yeah, week. I would, I wouldn't say, I wouldn't go to that to live site and see if it's so yeah, yeah. So that's my varied level of use.

Speaker 1 26:46 
So I think primarily your way validation comes from yourself. Most of the time manually, you will verify, check, read line by to make sure. Okay. Okay. The next couple of questions. One is regarding, you know, ChatGPT behavior. I mean, in the case, Jenny, I Behavior Cloud, however, does it come back to you and tell you that it doesn't understand your context very well. Can you provide a little more information? Have you ever had that kind of experience?

Speaker 2 27:22 
If yes, I mean, I've had only when I have prompted it myself. Because I like to throw in prompts that I said, ask me anything if you don't have unders, I don't if you haven't understood anything. Okay, like if do you need more contact, you can ask me. Other than that, I haven't really gotten. I've seen social media areas about people seeing, getting those, yeah, provide more information. But yeah, but I don't know. It's, I haven't, I have never seen that as like from a very fun like a point and goes like in the sense I give it a question, it gives me an answer. It's always the case. It will give me some answer. Yeah, right or wrong, it always gives me. That's unless I've prompted it. It always gives me some answer.

Speaker 1 28:14 
So I think I understand clearly. So basically what you're saying is it does not return with more, with the query for a more description, more context, unless you prompt it. That's what it is on its own. It is. Okay. So yeah, I think Italy's with the whatever we've been hearing. And also, you know, the one last time, does it, have you ever had any experience of your. Jenny, I sounding a little unsure of the answer it provided. It gave you some answer. And did it sound like, oh, I'm not so sure whether this will work?

Speaker 2 28:52 
Not a child. Every day, every time it's like fully confident. And I would say, no, it's wrong. It's like, oh my bad, sorry. Yeah, yeah, then you're absolutely correct. And then it will give the next wrong answer. I was like, no, this is also not correct. As I go, you're absolutely right again, I'm sorry. And it just keeps going on like that. At no point is it like, okay, I'm sure about the answer, right?

Speaker 1 29:16 
It never gives you that the answer.

Speaker 2 29:19 
I have noticing.

Speaker 1 29:20 
How does it impact on your trust when it does that, but it sounds too sure. I.

Speaker 2 29:27 
Mean, from a, I can think about someone. I mean, you would want advice from a person who is like very sure about things, right? Correct. So you, as we never take advice from a person who's like, I'm not so sure.

Speaker 1 29:45 
Do you get to trust? Because it sounds. Sure.

Speaker 2 29:50 
I can't because I know it gets it wrong. Yes. I mean, to a person that doesn't know that makes mistakes, I am. I know why. Why they would think it's more trustworthy. But yeah, you use it long enough and you see the mistakes and that, and petition. That is the fundamental of why I don't trust it. I mean, even if tomorrow it says, okay, I'm not sure about it, still I wouldn't trust it just because it sounds more human also. So I wouldn't trust it.

Speaker 1 30:28 
Okay. Okay. I mean, in your case, I do not know because use your primary task is the coding. I don't know whether.

Speaker 2 30:38 
This. I do use ChatGPT. I have use ChatGPT, Cloud, Croc. I've used every mystery, all of them.

Speaker 1 30:45 
So do you often ask the gen AI to summarize the outputs? Yes, summarize what inputs and lock the scope, lock the sources, lock the exemption, and then proceed from there. And that sort of thing.

Speaker 2 31:02 
Summaries, I open up summaries of papers. I really, yes, papers. The, I like to be, if I'm reading a paper, it takes a very long time. I like to underline, highlight everything that like I have to understand everything. And most people don't to read papers. Like they just go through it once and they understand the basic. I can't read papers like that. So I'd often have an AI. I'll just upload it and it's like, okay, just give me the, I've come up with creative ways to make sure that it's not just a summary. Yeah, only reduce to be just a summary.

Speaker 2 31:39 
Now it's more like, okay, tell me what they're doing. I prompted a bit more. Tell me the story. Tell me why they're doing this. What is the novelty of the. Yeah, like explaining sections. And I have, I can prompt it like, okay, explain in sections only when I've understood the section, ask me questions. Yeah, after the section, and if I answer those questions correctly, then only you should move to the, yeah, next section. So yeah, I prompted like that.

Speaker 1 32:09 
So do you get, can you do that?

Speaker 2 32:12 
I hope so. I don't know. I still feel that people reading papers is better. But yeah, I can do it. So actually, this is the only I.

Speaker 1 32:24 
Have. So it will do for now. How about, yeah, ChatGPT. I mean, Jenny, I contradicting itself. Have you ever had any experience where it said something and it contradicted itself late after a while? Oh, you know, like hallucinating.

Speaker 2 32:43 
Doesn't even have to be after a while. And just the next question, it can contradict itself. Yeah, I've seen this as like, but last time you said this was correct. Oh my bad. Sorry. It comes back to its confidence thing, right? It's very confident about that answer.

Speaker 1 33:03 
So the contents covers up for all these mistakes it's making, is it?

Speaker 2 33:08 
But you know, if you're not, you are not going through it, you will be making mistakes. But.

Speaker 1 33:15 
Yeah, so yeah, roughly how many times do you think you iterate your questions before you can finally conclude your interaction? Oh man, that's on an average. Yeah, I know it depends on the task, but let's say on an average, what is the number of times you would go back and forth?

Speaker 2 33:40 
Okay, I do see I have a, well, I said I have a subscribe that I have not subscription, but they give me the three thing. I can ask about 300 questions.

Speaker 1 33:52 
Per month. Do you? I yeah, I know I'm talking about one session, you know, like you have one question or one task and then, yeah, and you go back and forth explaining, getting answers.

Speaker 2 34:05 
We say, let's say about five to 10.

Speaker 1 34:09 
Times. Five to 10. Okay. Five to 10. Okay, now I'm gonna go into the, you know, like I just a bit curious about when do you decide to stop either in a, with a good, it's a good conclusion or it's a not so good conclusion. What is the end point? When do you decide? Now.

Speaker 2 34:37 
For AI, I'm, I'm so I'm stopping using this.

Speaker 1 34:41 
Sorry, but I think I lost you. Your voice is breaking a bit. I didn't hear.

Speaker 2 34:44 
Okay. Okay. So you mean the, when do I stop using it? Like, I suppose I'm using it through that way.

Speaker 1 34:53 
No, I didn't mean stop using it. You know, you start a session, you ask questions. And this one. The question, answer it. You said you're treat five to 10 times at some point. Yes. You said, okay, that's enough. I'm done. When do you decide? Oh, at, yeah.

Speaker 2 35:10 
As I told you, right, there are a lot of things that you can do yourself. And that I'm the, I'm just lazy that I'm trying to make it to. And so after about five times, it's, if it's not getting it, I mean, it gets on my nerves. I'm like, I can do this better and faster.

Speaker 2 35:28 
Yeah, at this point, I feel like, or I will be like, okay, let me add some of my own code. I will, and I'll come back at a later point.

Speaker 2 35:40 
So now that it has, might have some more, but yeah, that's it. I am gonna. Sometimes if the problem is too big, I might give it to a different a I. And like I've had this thing where I would just keep switching answers between 3 or four AIs. I'll just please give it to that and I'll have them discuss what the problem is and each of them will give different answers. Yeah, and I would give take these answers and put it to the other one. And I say like, okay, these are the problems. And it really to defend why it didn't, so those kind of thing. But that used to happen. Now it doesn't. I just do it myself. Yeah, after by themselves.

Speaker 1 36:27 
Okay. Yeah, but we just brought up something interesting, which is you conclude by either deciding you do it yourself or deciding that I want to run it through another alternate tool. That's, I think, yeah, interesting thing to do. Okay, and moving on to, you know, how the use of this gen AI tool impacts on you, then what you do afterwards, either your work, you know, or your decision making, whatever it is. So I want to ask you whether you have observed any changes, any noticeable changes, either positive or negative, in how you work, how you approach, you know, so it could be in terms of quality, in terms of efficiency, or how you think the depth of your thinking, you know, have you notice any s differences in the way you.

Speaker 2 37:25 
Yes, I have. I have a lot. I have thought about it a lot. Every, when it gives you a summary, you will feel that you know the answer, but it's so short span, you forget it after some time. I, I don't know, every time I go to a for an answer or to teach me something or I tend to forget about it because if yeah, yeah, in during my college days, I used to go watch YouTube videos and go to class. I'll do good on a quiz or an exam after 3,4 weeks. Don't forget the whole thing. And so this feels like the next step. And I mean, you can't find a YouTube video for everything, yeah, that is being taught in the world. But here it feels like it's not, even though it's not as engage, engage my engage as a YouTube video, but yeah, it is. So that is one effect that I've seen. And another is that I don't know if I, the joy of doing things is also is orders.

Speaker 1 38:45 
The joy is you find bet more joy or less.

Speaker 2 38:50 
Sometimes when you write something by yourself or you do a painting by yourself or you make a illustration or whatever, it's a tedious process and like you want to give it to a kind fit journal, your pressure to make it. You go here and it's like, but there is some joy. I think how I figured it out was that my subscription had ended and it was near the month end, 22nd,23rd. And I was so angry because actually I, there is no way I'm paying for a subscription at content. I don't have money. Yeah, I like, okay, I'll do it next. After I get my salary next week, I'll do. So that one week I was coding by myself. And there's this one, as I know, I won't say that I was enjoying every part of it, but there's this one point was enjoying coding so much that I actually felt sad. I'm like, okay, it's it's such it's a such a fun thing to do. And I was reminded, okay, this is why you wanted to do coding. This is why you wanted to do simulations because you found it fun. Now you're just making everything. They. I do everything and that one experience. Yeah. It does.

Speaker 1 40:04 
I mean, so it takes away when you have the tool.

Speaker 2 40:08 
Yes, okay. It's good to have a tool. But yeah, of course, the problem solving, you can't take the problem solving element from a way. So yeah, it's good to, I mean, I would, I want to do the problem solving and I want to solve the problem, but when it's have solving the problem also and you don't really find joy in it. Yeah, that's what I felt at least. And then another thing is that, what do I find negative?

Speaker 1 40:44 
And how about have you noticed improvement in your productivity and all that?

Speaker 2 40:49 
Yeah, I want to say you feel like it's improved productivity because you're churning out a lot of stuff. But at a very record space.

Speaker 1 40:56 
Yeah, it will. But is it.

Speaker 2 40:58 
True? It feels fast because it's writing a lot. But yeah, at least in my work process where I have to both iterate, make it work, and, you know, go through the checking every line support. It still takes a long time. And I don't know if you know, I, if I would have just done it myself, it would have taken the same amount of time. Yeah, I don't know. I have never checked.

Speaker 1 41:32 
But on the surface, you can say it looks like it's faster.

Speaker 2 41:35 
Yeah, yes, you it feels faster because you feels seems like you're doing a lot. And then you're cutting off a lot, then you're doing a lot again. Whereas the other way, it's like the rabbit and the daughter is right. The daughter is just like.

Speaker 1 41:49 
Yes.

Speaker 2 41:49 
It's slowly going.

Speaker 1 41:52 
But then you make slow but steady progress. This.

Speaker 2 41:55 
Yeah, you make slow and steady.

Speaker 1 41:56 
Yeah, you might.

Speaker 2 41:57 
Match and fast progress. That's true. You make fast progress, then you undo a lot of that progress, then you do again fast progress.

Speaker 1 42:05 
I think you made a you made sense also the point about transcend memory. I think, I think that's a very good point that you brought down. How the things that you get as output of chat GBD doesn't stick with you. Whereas if you read a book or if you do Google Scholar search and try to assimilate some knowledge, it stays with you longer. And this one doesn't. So there is that concern. That's very true cognitively. Okay, how about your reliance on Jenny? I, do you ever find yourself depending too much on it?

Speaker 2 42:45 
Yes. The fact that the, yeah, the fact that I get angry when pay subscription stopped. You feel that you got, yeah, it's like a common man. How am I so dependent on something.

Speaker 1 43:01 
On your relay? Do you feel that that's a concern?

Speaker 2 43:05 
Yeah, it's a concern. When at the same time I'm getting work done. Yeah, which I don't know if I could have done would be an experiment on my side. You know what, one month without AI one. But yeah, at this point I you can't escape the AI everywhere, even in you, they made it in your browser. So you, I can't even do a Google, normal Google search and read the first question you ask, it will come out with an AI. And.

Speaker 1 43:35 
Yeah, so not guessing you.

Speaker 2 43:38 
So might as well embrace it. I don't know, maybe one month I'll just go with books. I don't know. But yeah.

Speaker 1 43:47 
Yeah, it's true. You, you, there is no escape from it. Okay. You know, I was wondering whether you treat this tool as a productivity tooler. Do you ever consider this kind of somewhat he like a human collaborator or a partner?

Speaker 2 44:08 
Oh, oh, I mean, I do speak to it from a like, sometimes I would like to argue about things. I would like, because they have these voicemarks and all. So I, I'll I that point, even though I don't consider the human income. No, I don't. No, it's purely to.

Speaker 1 44:31 
It's a tool. Yeah, but you do argue or it you challenge the tool. When. Can you give me an example of that challenging it or.

Speaker 2 44:40 
Wonder if I felt so bored and I heard that when I rolled out with so that GPT had they had.

Speaker 1 44:47 
For.

Speaker 2 44:48 
So yeah, I was just talking to it. I like explain to me this. Okay. And eh, from a conversational point of view. Yeah. Okay. The same telling me this is. Yeah, so yeah, so that's the only point I consider. But you soon realize that there also you get it, the snacks where it doesn't understand you. Yeah, you think it's a human being, but it's not. After some point, you realize that it's just that whatever text they're giving, they just added a voice to it. And that the after that I haven't used it. And when it rolled out, I used it. After that I have it.

Speaker 1 45:34 
Okay. And now let's go into your wish list for your Jenny. I, if you could think of any possible new features, enhancements, can you name like top 3 wish for.

Speaker 2 45:52 
Future LMS or the AI.

Speaker 1 45:55 
G? Jenny? Yeah, yeah, we LLM base. I mean one, yeah, LLM base, because the ones that we're talking about is LM base, but then it's shifting away from LLM as well, you know, so don't forget.

Speaker 2 46:08 
What do I want and LLM to.

Speaker 1 46:10 
And what do you I generative AI to do for you in future, whether it's or not? Yeah, it doesn't have to be 11. Very good. I mean, I don't know, you, you know, I, I right today, I, we mean, anything that will take an input from you and give you something new, you know, new as and it's not really new, but combining knowledge that's available and then it gives you a picture, a document or essay or code.

Speaker 2 46:42 
Oh, I mean, s it's doing of them fairly well at this point. I really don't want this part of the LLM part of the, but once, I mean, it's good to have a reliable partner as you say. I don't want it to sound overly confident in situations I, they can fix those kind of things. Yeah, but if I, my wish list for AAS and the feeds that actually matter, you know, the yeah, the protein synthesis, they're using AI to the battery materials manufacturing, they those guys are using AI to solve problems. Yeah, so we have better problems then this, I mean, we can do this. And from whatever I've heard, it's not boosting productivity at all. Because the report came out recently that almost 90 percentage of the companies that pet on AI started losing money because at the end of the year, you need human beings.

Speaker 1 47:46 
Of course. Yeah, absolutely. I think, yeah, yeah, the best in class is a requirement, especially when there's reliance on AI. Otherwise, the AI will be very mediocre. Let's not talk.

Speaker 2 47:57 
About. Okay, there's some good that those two are the big, what there were the milestones that companies are trying to reach. Yeah, honors artificial superintelligence and artificial general.

Speaker 1 48:14 
Intelligence, agin. And.

Speaker 2 48:16 
So, yeah.

Speaker 1 48:19 
Okay. That way you've been a user since search Jenny. I came on k became available right to 3 years.

Speaker 2 48:28 
ChatGPT 3.8,3.0.

Speaker 1 48:30 
Yeah, yes. So if you want to, if you want to give but like top 3 advice or recommendation to somebody who is new to Jennifer, what will you tell them?

Speaker 2 48:45 
One is trust but verify. Trust budget.

Speaker 1 48:49 
Okay.

Speaker 2 48:51 
Sit all you want, but always verify it. Use it to do the boring tasks while you get to do the like creative parts. There's some guy was telling that, you know, I wanted a to do my laundry so that I could paint.

Speaker 1 49:17 
Yeah, that's what we wanna.

Speaker 2 49:20 
So let's try to make it air. Do the boring stuff. Yeah, the stuff you don't want to do. And the v third.

Speaker 1 49:29 
One, witty.

Speaker 2 49:31 
But the third one is, it's a tool, nothing more, nothing less. Don't concentrate as a human being. Because people have compared apparently suicides in Japan because they're kind of.

Speaker 1 49:46 
Yes.

Speaker 2 49:47 
Do do not do anything more not with dependent on it for anything, any like life advice and stuff. Yeah, yeah, sure. Don't take it too low. Too hard. Yeah, both those will be my three advice.

Speaker 1 50:02 
Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I think we're almost at the end. Anything else you want to add, Barva? I mean, it can be based on any of the aspects we touched on or just anything, any anecdotes, any experience you wanna share which you think will be relevant, which give us some new insights. Any concluding thoughts, including.

Speaker 2 50:26 
Thoughts? Yeah, hum. Maybe you're trying to figure it out. Hum, figure out this whole AI stuff. And I think people like you, we, we, you guys are like way far behind when it comes to like actual policing and governing and studying ethics when compared to like the air booming. You can't have a day, every day there is some person coming out of the newer model. Yeah, increased accuracy as so we're living in such a world festival. And so yeah, we're living in such a world. And so whenever we, I don't without any guard rails often leads to problems. That's why we have people, you know, whenever they come up something new, they have people studying the effects of it. So in such a world, I wish people would be more cautious and then excited about the only able.

Speaker 1 51:42 
Yeah, true. That's okay. Alright, thanks very much. Thank you. I think you've been very candid and yeah, I enjoy talking to you. Okay, you signed up for the experimental study. So if you get chosen, then we probably will get in touch with you again. But let just confirm your phone number, which you provided for pay now. So the number I have, I see here is 8,6,7,9,0,2,7,0.

Speaker 2 52:16 
Yeah, that's correct.

Speaker 1 52:17 
Okay, so that's happy. Now my colleague, another member of the team, is dealing with the payment. And usually heat will take about two weeks. I'll be submitting it on Monday, the coming Monday after I conclude the second round of interviews. So if hear anything in two weeks, please email me. Yeah, thank you. Thanks a lot. And all the best you borrow. Thank you. Okay, bye.

Speaker 2 52:44 
All the best for your status.

Speaker 1 52:45 
Yeah, thank you.



受访人42:
2025-10-14 16:18:29 CST|39min 25s

Keywords:
other things、other students、other people、other words、other problem、other paper、other type、good things、different papers、Minor differences、personal wise、other methods、other language、other article、memory thing、few things、personal understanding

Transcript:
Speaker 1 00:01 
Yeah, so to begin with, Lei Qi, I hope you do understand that this research is part of a project where we are investigating generative AI use of young professionals people to find out what is the nature of this interaction. Okay, and we are also interested to see what is the effect of your gen AI use on your various capabilities, for example, your critical thinking, you know, and other things. So we're basically investigating the effect and also the how do you use. So these are the two specs.

Speaker 1 00:42 
Okay. Yeah, you may have noticed us a term called transactive memory system. That's actually a term that is used to study it. It's a concept applied to human teams, you know, and to people or group of people collaborate. There is supposed to be certain type of certain aspects of the interaction which enhances it. These aspects sort of bring out the best in everyone. So we're trying to see whether this TMS also applies in human AI. Okay, so that's our focus. Okay, just to give you a background. Okay, now my first question is about yourself. Be a little bit about what is your domain, what are you doing currently? And so on. Can.

Speaker 2 01:30 
Start. Yeah, so I'm currently doing a PhD and I'm year 3 in school of material Size msc. But I'm more of, I'm working more regarding biology instead of material. So my research focuses more on like party sells, that kind of like research.

Speaker 1 01:56 
Year 3. Did you say Year 3?

Speaker 2 01:58 
Yes, just started Year 3.

Speaker 1 01:59 
Year 3, yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. Can, I know you indicated that you have been using Jenny AI? What specific tool? Chat GBT. Okay.

Speaker 2 02:14 
Even like another one would be from China. Yeah, let me think of the name. I not sure what's the name I forgot. Or even like Grammar Ray, is it consider.

Speaker 1 02:33 
Deep sink? Are you looking for deep?

Speaker 2 02:35 
Yes. Okay. Correct. Yes.

Speaker 1 02:39 
But so we out of the tools, I, I, what, which would be the most frequently used one?

Speaker 2 02:45 
ChatGPT only when the free trial, you know, like run out, then I use PC. Yeah, that kind of stuff. Cuz you have a limit. Oh, on it, right? To check. Okay. Yes.

Speaker 1 02:58 
So yeah, you know, before I go into the task and all that, you know, in I notice that you have rated yourself as quite okay in terms of ability to use all these tools and so on. So yes, I just want you to compare yourself with your peer group and tell me in terms of adoption of new technology, like when the new tools are available, are you one of the very first people to go or you will you wait for some people to already start using before you go in or you rather wait until everything is settled down, then you will start yourself.

Speaker 2 03:34 
I think would be depends on the situation. If I think that is useful and is interested need, then I don't mind be the first to try. Yes, but I will also check whether is it reliable first in the case that is it a source that I can trust or something like that? Only I will proceed with making a decision if I use it for any, if I use it for like asking any app opinion, that kind of stuff. Yes.

Speaker 1 04:05 
So in the case of ChatGPT, can you remember what sort of, what is the push? What prompted you to first start, what is the motivation start using?

Speaker 2 04:16 
I think there was a trend or something in me, right? That that's the point that I started to use it. I think of is it a few, is it a few months or a few years? I couldn't remember.

Speaker 1 04:30 
Early of end of last year, perhaps early this year.

Speaker 2 04:34 
Yeah, something like that. So.

Speaker 1 04:35 
Did you have like your friends using and telling you things or do you read about it?

Speaker 2 04:41 
Nola, maybe I score the, you know, like social media, that kind. Then yeah, then like sort of like thinking of it then being used together this kind.

Speaker 1 04:52 
Now, you know, you're a pH student, the in terms of reuse center, the type of tasks that you. Collaboration, AI, chat, GBT here, what kind of task? Is it more for your PhD related work or personal or a mix of both?

Speaker 2 05:12 
Mainly a person, mainly for the studies, but for personal wise, I need to be more like carries touting because that. So it's a, yeah, yeah, it's only for like help is not like some emotional support or those kind. So but for PhD study is more needs for like, for example, if this protocol I'm using, I'm not sure is it correct or then I will type out, then ask him, ask you to check for me and to cite if there is any other paper that is related to what I have written, something like that, or even like some like paraphrasing, like how, yeah, or like grammar check, then I will use that one also. If not, then if I want to find any paper is related, then I will ask for the title, those kind. Yeah, if I couldn't buy it online.

Speaker 1 06:11 
Yes. So I see that you using it as a tool to kind of help with your research. Yeah, okay. If you compare this ChatGPT with your, you know, let's Google's color, which is your previous two, right? Yuri find it better than scholar.

Speaker 2 06:39 
I think the scholar is only give you the in the research paper in a sense, but check GPT can give you some insights if you ask more. So like for example, can you summarize this kind of paper? What is it about something like that? Then after you read, you don't really understand. They can ask question. So in a sense that it's better in some way, instead of like helping you to understand if you don't really know because do a scholar just give you the article you will tell you to interpret or something like that?

Speaker 1 07:13 
So in other words, there's much more to the.

Speaker 2 07:16 
To check details. Yes.

Speaker 1 07:18 
Now, okay, we're gonna go into a bit more detail about the your interaction with judge. So I wanna know how do you start? How do you develop your interaction to the point where you have a satisfactory conclusion and you can wrap it up, you know, so there's this a process, right? We're try, we're more interested to kind of understand this process of interaction. So when you start, you decide that, okay, I'm gonna ask chatty between this question. Okay, you would have done some prep. You make sure you have some prep. So maybe you can take me through this initial stage or do you do you know, how do you get.

Speaker 2 08:02 
Okay, so let's say I wanted to know about this paper about my research. So I will some correction technique. So I will say, for example, I'm working with Katie Sell. So I would say, can you suggest the articles this related to party sales characterization, this car stuff, then it will give you some, right? Then after that, you give the paper. So for the paper, I will check the paper. Then I will ask all, is this the correct technique? All those kind of stuff. Then he will elaborate.

Speaker 2 08:38 
Then as I will also ask like whether can you find other article to support like similarity also high. Then I read again, then I will say this data for summarizers about this. Do you think it's correct or something like that? Am I right? Or something like that? Cause asking question, yeah, for it. Then after that, I come to a conclusion that, okay, it might be correct. Then I will also check online like the normal Google search then to see whether is it a reliable answer from the thing and most importantly, check with my mental. So yeah, a human. So yeah, if it's logic, then you'll be correct. Also, LA.

Speaker 1 09:24 
So I guess then, you know, you start by giving some information to ChatGPT and then you kind of develop it from there, right? Yes. So when you do that, have you ever notice that ChatGPT is guiding you the right way or the wrong way? You know, like you notice anything different or you mention that you do go and check against Google Scholar. I'm more interested to see whether do you do this every step or when you feel like, oh, maybe I should check this.

Speaker 2 09:59 
Because. Some by the answer that they give me, right? It's not very logical to my thinking. That's why I will check if since logical, then I won't check. Yeah, so I use some of my personal understanding and emotion instead also. They can't stop.

Speaker 1 10:20 
Okay. So there is this verification validation going on your side outside, but it is not always, it's only when you have some doubts about yes, on logical, it catches with your understanding. LA yes.

Speaker 2 10:32 
Yes, correct. Okay.

Speaker 1 10:35 
Are you generally, do you think you have a habit of dividing if let's say you have a complex task that you wanna do, and will you like partition the task into smaller parts and feed to chat ability little by little or will you like create a very complex instruction and fit feed it up front straight away?

Speaker 2 10:56 
I will ask a general question and see what's the respond first. Then after that, I will ask bit by bit. For example, it give you three different elaboration. So I will ask B by B. Okay, got that? Yeah, yes. These.

Speaker 1 11:09 
Two give a broad one and then you narrow down. Yes. Now, you know, in this instance, you said that Chat GBT can give you extra help, right, in terms of setting, verifying your understanding, you know, and also summarizing. So there are extra help you get from chat GBT. So the, I mean, generally speaking, for the kind of task that you do, you think that ChatGPT is very good or better than you in some things and you're better than chat API some other things. What are these tasks? What are the strange subject?

Speaker 2 11:52 
Well, join as in.

Speaker 1 11:55 
Is it good enough for you?

Speaker 2 11:57 
Yeah, for the new things that I don't really know. I think chat GBT knows more than what we think of. Cuz I might be and expert. I'm not. Not, I mean, not expert. I mean, I have more understanding in my area of studies. But if I would want to know things this outside, out of school, my study, he is better than me. So.

Speaker 1 12:21 
Broader understanding of.

Speaker 2 12:24 
Yes, of things.

Speaker 1 12:25 
Broader than your owner. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2 12:28 
But in terms of like good things that I might be better sometime, maybe I was, I would think that I'm better in terms of like practical kind of stuff. Yeah, so ChatGPT give you the protocol, but don't really tell you about what are some of things that you can really face when you're doing the experiment, all those kind of stuff. Yeah, so that could be one elaboration. The second one would be in terms of like in emotional support, they call stuff, right? So for example, my friend told me that she talk to chat GBT after she broke up the Costa. Yeah, when she talk to a person and she talk to the ChatGPT is totally different. Check ppt or always sounds very supportive, but it's in terms of like AI type of like wording, that kind of stuff. Yeah, but for us, we will ask question, all those kind. Why do you think so? Something like that. So it's more emotional stuff, but provided LA, yeah, this what I would think the differences LA.

Speaker 1 13:47 
Interesting. Okay. And then the for so this menu, you know, you mention that when it comes to the very domain specifics information you use, you think you're in a better position to make judgment, right? So do you make it a point to avoid skin ChatGPT for any advice where you know you already have the answer or do you still test it up?

Speaker 2 14:11 
I will test also.

Speaker 1 14:14 
So I will sleep. You know, that one. Think of anything that you can remember from your previous interaction where this happen. So you answer, you knew what to do, everything just, you know, just to test him out. You just try to test something.

Speaker 2 14:27 
Yeah, so I will write, of course, I did this experiment before, so I will see, oh, I did this before or and then something like that. Is this correct? Something like that. Yeah, then it will give me the answer. And another one would be if I visit for my personal use. So for example, I eat this yogur, I know how much calories is it. So I ask this brand this way, how much is it? Because you know the packaging, you have this nutritional information, right? So I will test it out whether chat GBT is correct or is it my. The in nutritional information is correct. Yeah, there will be a difference, but it won't be very big. Yeah, maybe 20 KCL. Yeah, they can't start or even like the workout, you know, the Apple Watch is different for what? Eating. Yes, some method, yes.

Speaker 1 15:18 
Minor differences.

Speaker 2 15:20 
So yeah, just to the.

Speaker 1 15:21 
Next question. Yeah, I think it kind of answer partly the next question was, have you had any experience where, you know, the tangibity was totally off Tangent, totally off the track, hallucinating or giving absent results or something that shocked you really bad. So have you ever had him?

Speaker 2 15:41 
Not really for now. I hope you won't in the future also. So only those mi minor. Yeah, some, but maybe it's because of my phrasing also. So I will ask again. Yeah, in other language or like other wording that kind. Or purposing. Yes.

Speaker 1 15:59 
So far, no, nothing shocking, no shocking results so far.

Speaker 2 16:02 
Just.

Speaker 1 16:04 
Eh, I am eh, eh, okay. Now, you know, there are some users who will give instructions, very specific instruction to chat GBT, including asking them to act like a teacher, act like a marker, you know, Eva, so act like a lawyer and then explain why something is, should be done and so on. Do you ever use that signing role to ChatGPT to answer a question for you? Like for example, I, I, to give you a se example, I would say like you have a paper that you prepare and you wanna know how the reviewers will look at it. Give the paper and then you tell the tell ChatGPT to act as a reviewer, academic reviewer, and then look at my paper and tell me, give me feedback. Have you ever done something like that?

Speaker 2 16:58 
Not really, because no paper for now.

Speaker 1 17:01 
So final. Okay. So that's something you don't do. LA. Yes. You mention earlier, Li Qi, that sometimes we're not familiar with something, then you think chat ability can help you, right? Can you sort of take me through your, I one such experience where you didn't know something and then you spoke to Chat DPT, interactive with Chat DPT and got something up. Just an example of something like that.

Speaker 2 17:30 
So for example, I don't really know this kind of like technique, whether I know her before in my research. So I will ask, what is this about? Then he will explain to me, right? Then after that, I would say, oh, can it be use what kind of characterization, what kind of like sample it can test, stack out stuff? Yeah, then they're ask, okay, can you give me example of the paper? Yeah, then from there I will know. Yeah, then after that, I will summarize that. I say, oh, is this what you mean? Something like that. Okay.

Speaker 1 18:07 
You left it suddenly. Summarize for you long. Okay. So, and have you had good experiences with that kind of scenario normally? Yes. You also mentioned in your pre free survey that you have not had any prompt engineering training, right? So you're self taught. Can you let me know how you talk yourself with a trial and error? Or did you, do you watch videos, you read up? How did you do it?

Speaker 2 18:35 
Because chat, GBD. I, I, you mean by the technical wise, as in.

Speaker 1 18:39 
I'm talking about that your prompt engineering is where you could prepare the promptings. So do you know there's different strategies and so on? So normally you go for training, they will take you through some strategies that you can use LA to get the best out of charge apt. So since you don't have formal training, have you actually, I know you self taught and you already have some awareness of what to do with others, no doubt, but have you tried any other methods to improve your prompt?

Speaker 2 19:08 
I will keep asking question until I as are you sure is correct because. Okay.

Speaker 1 19:14 
Okay, okay. So that's your technique. So basically you just stick to your questions, but you keep cre checking Wechat DPD whether you're correct. Okay, okay. Instead, okay, now we're going into the trust pattern. I went through your survey. I think you have no anxiety. Okay, I notice that all your questions were ticked around. Disagree. You have some level of algorithm aversion. It is not a bad thing, but I think being a, a stand student, a PhD student, you, you, you. It's only right that you have some caution LA that, eh, I mean, I can't do p depend on the. This, which is fine. Okay, so I wanna know, before you started using ChatGPT, whatever, what was your trust level? Like, you can give me a like a rough percentage.

Speaker 2 20:18 
Maybe 60% of trust. Yes, because anyways, this machine, right, not a human. So yeah, so it's a 60% kind of things. Then after I use, maybe it's around 80%.

Speaker 1 20:36 
Yes. So it has improved with user.

Speaker 2 20:40 
Yes.

Speaker 1 20:47 
Now you also mention that you do your check, which is I think you explain that question. You only check when you doubt something, right? Okay. Is it, do you have the habit of giving chat DPD some constraint? Only look within academic reference or only look in the top 5 consulting firms, you know, do you provide such guide, guidelines or constraints for ChatGPT while on answering your query? Sorry. Yes, I, I, you know, if I was saying, are you in a habit of providing certain constraints, a strange meaning, only look within certain sources, only look in certain car sites. Do you provide things like that?

Speaker 2 21:35 
No, I'm open to any options. Then I will figure it out.

Speaker 1 21:40 
Okay? Okay. Now, you mention this back and forth, right? You start by asking a question, you refine until you get the answer. Roughly on an average. I know in, I know in this will depend on the question you're asking, but on an average, how many reputations, how many looping do you think you go through?

Speaker 2 22:01 
I think around or.

Speaker 1 22:05 
Less than 10. Yes. And are you happy with that? Are you happy with the time you spend refining and getting answers?

Speaker 2 22:13 
Yes. Because emy take less than 10 minute, less than 5 minute.

Speaker 1 22:18 
I sent 5 minutes. You mention that you ask ChatGPT to summarize for you. And are you happy with the results you get also? Yes, normally is.

Speaker 2 22:30 
What I understand also.

Speaker 1 22:35 
No, I think I asked you the question about AI hallucination. You said you don't have such experiences. You had experiences where the result will contradict what you already know or conflict with it or in some way. Yeah, give me example.

Speaker 2 22:57 
Not really, maybe one or twice. Can you remember? Not really.

Speaker 1 23:04 
Okay, if it's not so major, then yeah, how about do you keep track of your prompts? He did you keep file of your prompts to kind of tag the version, how you change it, you know, okay, so that you can reuse some of them.

Speaker 2 23:23 
Oh, do you mean by the memory thing? Last time I do. But now I try to avoid that. Yes, a reason I feel like sometime the question I ask quite funny. That's why. So.

Speaker 1 23:44 
You're happy with your own question. So you feel why you reuses it.

Speaker 2 23:51 
Like sort of like if for my personal use, I feel like a bit funny. That's why I don't I need to remember sexual then yeah. You have any train or something like that.

Speaker 1 24:02 
This is the this the question I ask is a bit more than the memory, you know that it's more like it. Yeah, I, I know sometimes I do also if I'm repeating a task many times, which is work related, it may be very efficient for me to keep a file of it. I've said keep a ver word file of my questions. So I can just copy paste, save time and copy paste and I chase just amend wherever so it's faster, you know, just to, yeah, so that's what I meant.

Speaker 2 24:31 
In the case, it will be at the site of the sidebar, then you will have the different title. Yes, that one do. Yes, that one. I click.

Speaker 1 24:40 
Oh, when do you decide that the interaction I it's the end of the interaction. You have had a satisfactory result. So I can wrap up. Do you decide that.

Speaker 2 24:52 
If I think that the result is okay, then I will end it like what I understand then? What I think is correct, then I will add it.

Speaker 1 25:03 
It matches your expectation in a way. Yes. Oh, now we're going to the third part, which is on the effect of your interaction rejectivity on the work that you're doing. Okay, and yourself. So the first question is, after you started collaborating with ChatGPT for your work, for your PhD, have you felt that there's improvement in your work and yourself as a person? And in what ways if you find that there's a change for the better or worse or whatever, what are these changes? And can you explain that a bit for me?

Speaker 2 25:45 
Improvement, yes, this improvement I have a better understanding of eh, of things that I never thought of before. Yeah, so for example, the things that I know, for example, let's say characterizing technique for this type of experiment, the technique that I can use, that I can think of might be only one. But he or when I ask the chat GBD, he will suggest me other type of clarification technique also. So it give me better understanding of or like validation for my experimental result. So I think that is for one of a good example. I'll say that I improve my research or like effectiveness in my work that counts that yes.

Speaker 1 26:32 
So, okay, so that's a good thing. It sort of points in direction which you normally wouldn't have talked of in that sense. Okay, how about efficiency wise?

Speaker 2 26:42 
Efficiency, it do narrow down my, it do, how to say, shorten my time in some of the thinking or like asking for protocol because you provide me, right? So I just, so I guess check the paper that he gave me. Yeah, you know, sometime I search online, I couldn't find.

Speaker 1 27:01 
Yeah, it saves a lot of time that way. So yeah. So roughly what percent do you think you're more efficient now? Yes, or efficiently, roughly what person has efficiency improved?

Speaker 2 27:13 
Maybe I would say 30 to 40.

Speaker 1 27:20 
Okay, so that you depend on charge GPT a bit too much sometimes?

Speaker 2 27:29 
I don't think so because I think everybody needs to be, everybody is doing the same thing. So, but yeah, then what you need to know that how you going to differentiate between the boss and the correct result. Yeah, got. So I think that would be great. Yeah, we also need to put in a lot like yourself thinking because like German wise is like what you face might not be what on their degree what you do or what you study is not the same as practical. So in ready go, like whatever experiment you would face other problem as well. So that's the point you need to solve yourself and is not to ask charge PT. So I think, I don't think that I'm highly dependent on that. It's too, it's not too much. It's, I think I got balance between it.

Speaker 1 28:18 
Yes. You're in control of their love sometimes. Did you let ChatGPT take the lead in some task?

Speaker 2 28:27 
As you see.

Speaker 1 28:30 
Mentioned, unfamiliar task, you will ask a question. But do you ever get, allow the ChatGPT to lead that interaction? Or are you the one who always controlling the interaction? Who checked it?

Speaker 2 28:43 
Because I'm the one who always ask questions. So I think I'm the one who's controlling rather than let chat GB to control me. Yeah, book.

Speaker 1 28:50 
So you're in control of the interaction, like not so much. Okay, okay. Okay. Now, you know, we talked about efficiency. You said about 30% better, 20,30% better, right? No, even sometimes we, there's a tradeoff values in Chat GBT. The tradeoff will be between your convenience, the speed and even accuracy. Okay, so if let's say we didn't have chargeability, we probably did the good old hard way, you know, go run, download, read up different papers, and then it takes time. So there's this balancing between, okay, the convenience aspect, the speed aspect, and also settling for something which, you know, may not be the best or the most accurate length accuracy.

Speaker 1 29:38 
And are you aware of this? I mean, do you consciously think that, you know, if I had time, maybe I wouldn't ask that DPD, but, you know, do it differently. We ever thought about that.

Speaker 2 29:52 
Since tragedy is so convenient. So to save back all those time, I think it's better to us. You can save a lot of work, save a lot of time. So I think it's a good. To use. Yeah, so I would.

Speaker 1 30:02 
You just bother much about balancing all this long? It just feels there what my desk will use. Okay, okay. Okay. Now we're coming to the end. So in the end section, we're looking to see what you see as the future of ChatGPT for you. I mean, in terms of task, what are the wish list now you use it for specific purposes, your work related, right? How do you see this changing in the coming years in a good way, you know, evolving? Assume there is no technology barrier. Assume that you can ask for anything, then what will you ask for?

Speaker 2 30:42 
What do I ask for?

Speaker 1 30:44 
Your wish list.

Speaker 2 30:47 
Let me think about it and get 10.

Speaker 2 31:07 
Really what will happen in the future given the trend of things. For example, I give this scenario, then I'll ask, okay, what is the next cost of action? It might happen, might take from the person, or what will happen in the future. So by them I give you, okay, today I do this experiment. Let's say I do this experiment, then what ID of the kind, then what do you think do it success in the future? Or I ask about this person especial, I'll ask today, she did this to me. What will she do to me in the future? That Casa?

Speaker 1 31:45 
Predicting LA.

Speaker 2 31:46 
Yeah, yeah, predicting. Okay.

Speaker 1 31:48 
Okay. So you would expect him to be able to predict?

Speaker 2 31:52 
Yeah, yeah, they can even.

Speaker 1 31:54 
So people behavior. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2 31:56 
Yes, yes, yes, that kind of stuff. Or even like fortune telling that yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1 32:04 
I mean, you using ChatGPT and cuz everyone is using it, you told me and you don't think much, but do you have any concerns? What will the concerns me?

Speaker 2 32:12 
I skip what I ask you leak out, then you be in other people. Yeah, thing also, cuz, you know, sometime your work can be quite private, right? Yeah, that's the reason. Or sometime I delete the memory because I don't want to let people to get this answer as well. So especially if my idea is new or something there.

Speaker 1 32:35 
Obviously confidentiality and yes, yes, yes, that's an issue. LA, you worry about that. What do you do about it normally? I mean, now when you use, how do you kind of ensure that, I mean, your confidential research questions or whatever is not leaked out or reused somewhere else.

Speaker 2 32:55 
Yeah, you know, like there is this setting that you can close the memory. Don't remember. I close that one. Then I also delete the chat, delete the, you know, a sidebar you advertiser every time. Then I delete that one also. Okay.

Speaker 1 33:10 
Okay. That's how you take care of it. Okay, now, you know, you've been using this how long now? What money?

Speaker 2 33:17 
I think when I start PhD by time. Yeah, but also.

Speaker 1 33:25 
If let's say you want to come up with one to three tips for a novice, no, but for a user who has never tried, what will the three advice be? Congrats.

Speaker 2 33:40 
What advice to give.

Speaker 1 33:43 
The user who is useful this long? You know, you have some lessons, right? What are these?

Speaker 2 33:50 
Let me think about. I will see. Be.

Speaker 1 33:58 
Neutral. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 2 34:00 
And be rational. Then be able to control of it rather than let it to be control you something like that. Yeah, maybe they must stop it.

Speaker 1 34:16 
That's true. So when you say neutral, do you mean keep an open mind? Yes, keep an open mind. LA. Okay. Okay. I think that's about it. So think need your answers have been quite descriptive. So, but I have a few things to check with you. One is your, you know, you have the section about your critical thinking skills, absolutely skill, your aptitude or interest in it. So these questions need for cognition, you have marked for all the. Four questions there. So basically it means that you enjoy ask that in involve analysis and reflection. And when you tackle complex problems, you try to, you enjoy looking at different options and looking at the details and all that. And you actually prefer complex to simple problems.

Speaker 1 35:22 
Yeah, and, but you answered one of the question. I think you probably didn't read it properly, but I just confirming this thinking is not my idea of fun. And you answer me meaning.

Speaker 2 35:36 
Thinking is my idea of fun, I guess.

Speaker 1 35:40 
So I, you miss the Nata. That's what I.

Speaker 2 35:44 
It.

Speaker 1 35:44 
Be disagree LA. Okay. Okay. I says did that. Okay. Okay. So I, eh, then the other thing is your algorithm emotion, like other students of your profile is also on the agree. Most of it is agree because you do tend to s have some suspicion, some doubts about the AI output term, which is good, which is which gives you that extra guardedness, you know, which is important. But one of the questions here, even when AI is statistically more accurate, I still trust human judgment more. For that, you answer neutral. Can you explain it?

Speaker 2 36:30 
I think it will be depend on the situation.

Speaker 1 36:34 
I see.

Speaker 2 36:35 
Okay. Yes, there will be a different situation become.

Speaker 1 36:39 
Kind of statement LA.

Speaker 2 36:40 
So for example, if it's a personal stuff that I. That's right. Why is she doing with all those kind, if I like the person that I think I will give him or her ability of doubts. That's why even though chat GP sounds more logical in explaining his or her behavior. But if I think that the person, you know, like personal feeling when you interact with people, you don't feel that he or she is that kind of person. So I will give him or all the benefits of doubts. So I will trust my feeling more than what ChatGPT tell me. Yeah, something like that. So that's why I put neutral.

Speaker 1 37:17 
I get it done. Okay, now the when first part I think is you, you, the way you view AI, I think you answer that you kind of collaborate with AI like and you feel like you're developing something together like a co creation, you answer then. So do you consider your interaction with the with AI more human like then just like a tool, interact with it in a more human fashion.

Speaker 2 37:51 
I would think that is a neutral. Also depend on how does it go. Maybe 50.

Speaker 1 37:59 
Okay, so this is a for you, basically it's a tool. LA, not so much like a partner. You don't see you. Yes, you told me that you're always in control. Yeah, just check your phone. See your phone number is originally because your pay now will come to this phone. So the number I have is 88875101.

Speaker 2 38:23 
Yes, correct. That's correct.

Speaker 1 38:25 
Yeah, the payment I'll, I'll so I think that's the end of our to be anything you want to add, like any interesting experiences or your any thoughts on chat DPD that you want to add besides what we went through?

Speaker 2 38:39 
No, that's all about it. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1 38:43 
Okay, thank you. So the payment will come from a colleague of minor, one of our research, I see. And I think the structure is such that every end of the week, but this week I just started with the another person and you. So it's likely that he may start next weekend payment. You don't hear things until after next weekend. You do drop a mail to me, let me know.

Speaker 2 39:06 
Okay, sure. Okay. All the best. Which is thanks again. You too. Did.

Speaker 1 39:10 
You did you Mark willingness to participate in the experiment?

Speaker 2 39:15 
Yes. For the future. Okay.

Speaker 1 39:17 
Yes. Chances are we might see again. Okay.

Speaker 2 39:20 
Can see you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.

